What time is it in your country?
Do you play cardgames?
how old are you?
where are you from?
What's your favorite color?
I absolutely love your top, where is it from?
Are you preparing for something? Or just for fun
What state do you live in?
who was the first asmrtist you watched?
Are you a student?
what do you think about Russia?
What's your favorite classic halloween monster?
What's your favorite fast and chaotic trigger?
Can you do a video of you whispering my full name and do some tapping? My full name is Jayden Ali Abdullah
Do you live with your family?
Hola! what are you eating?
Do want to play big games on ur pc?
who do you main in overwatch? (I use zenyatta)
YOUR A MOM? THATS SO CUTEEE
how old is your oldest girl????
whats your favorite thing about your kids and daughters?
What is your kids favorite games to play?
My class starts at 11:30 and ends at 12:10, will you still livestream at 12:10?
Hi y’all what’s up? What’s up Y bro are you serious? I don’t wanna be seen the kids fight.
What can you cook?
Mario why your son?
Pool do you have a pool?
Hi! How have you been?
What are your plans for the weekend?
Do u want to be in the Victoria secret fashion show on day???
can you put the brightness a little lower please?
when will you post another video?
Do you have advice for models struggling to get paid jobs?? Xx
Do you play any musical instrument?
we all love you and miss you so much u know?
what video are you gonna film?
how are you doing?
heello pretty alexandria when do you make a meet up in paris so i can offer a rose bouquet to you ?
whats your favorite movie?
how are you so pretty?
What foundation are you using ??
Have you been back to your hometown Morton recently??
can you show us what you're wearing?
have you been on a TV show?
what eyebrow thing are you using?
do you want to be a Victoria secret angel?????? i think you can do it
Did you ever read Meghan Markle's blog "The Tig"???
What foundation are you using ???
what's new in your life?
What's your part of your makeup routine? Eyebrows?
Can you show us your outfit aswell please???
did u go to college?
can you please show us what you're wearing?
how do you get your teeth so white???????????????
will you ever post full covers of songs on your channel?
hii from London have you ever been??
Copper is your cat?
What is your favorite song??
Hiii) what is the MUST for you in your day to day self routine?
do you play any instruments??
what kind of music do you like?
What's your favourite song right now?????
Are you going to Victoria secret auditions this year ?????????????
Who is your favourite model?
Hi I’m 15 and 5’10 and I really want to start modeling!! Do u have any tips on how to start?
what’s your go to karaoke song??
You skin cleared up?
how tall are you???
how did you get clear skin?
did you watched the Ted Bundy doc on Netflix?
any tv shows you recommend???
How do you thrive in the winter? Winter makes me so sad
How did you find an affordable apartment/ start out in NYC?
why have u been lowkey?
why are you perfect?
could you show us your outfit?
any tv shows you recommend on Netflix???
who are the youtubers you usually watch?
do you recommend studying abroad?
do you use skincare everyday? Are you strict about your day to day skin routine?
what's your favorite part of your body?
could you shout out my youtube channel? I've been watching you for a very long time! its called Grace Elizabeth
How do you thrive during the winter?
what eminence products do you use?
What's your favorite season?
tips about deep acne scars? and I'm not talking about spots but more like dilated pores. u know what i mean?
what's your goal in your life?
What is the best brand you've ever worked for?
do you watch brooklyn 99?
how tall are you?
whtas your blood type?
Do you do donations? I’m sorry if it’s not good question to ask
would you like to be an ambasador for UNICEF or such one day?
Dorky question.. but do you like board/card games?
do you have any problems in your life because of your appearance?
do you recommend studying abroad? i want to but i'm scared
do you still use the ordinary rosehip seed oil?
Dorky question.. but do you like board/card games?? Favorites?
do you have any problems in your life because your appearance?
Makeup product you can’t live without?
did u ever have acne problems?
Do you have any high ends products that you like?
what was it like at your first shoot?
What did you not expect from NY when moving there?
do you still use ysl touche eclat?
could you please tell the name of this mascara one more time?
do you still use the ordinary rosehip seed oil? would you recommend?
Do you feel confident without makeup?
what do you think about maybelline matte ink lipsticks?
How old are you??
Who would you wanna shoot with one day?
do you still use the ordinary rosehip seed oil? would you recommend??
How old are you????
What did you not expect from NY before moving there?
I thought about getting the Snapscara, does it stay on your lashes? It doesn’t contain wax so
Do you get any problems because of your appearance?
do you still use the ordinary rosehip seed oil? would you recommend? ?
Who would you wanna work with one day??
Makeup product u can’t live without:)?
are you going to the vs auditions this year????????...i think you can do it
Do you do face massage?
Who are your fav 70s ladies?
do you support victoria secret?
Do you get any problems because of your appearance???
Have you ever tried korean skincare products?
you going to vs audition this year??????
Your goal in modeling?
What’re you watching on Netflix now?
CAN U SAY SHARMOUTA ???
What’s your favorite book?
DO YOU GET ANY PROBLEMS BECAUSE OF YOUR APPEARANCE?
do you believe in astrology?
love how u match the bathroom?
are you a feminist?
favourite memory from your childhood ??
What are you getting ready for?
Would you be open to being friends with a fan from California?
did u ever have bad acne?
Have you ever done modeling?
What helps you with post acne? Nor scars but red spots
do u miss writing?
do you got a pet?
Do you like French song?
what is your nationality?
Are you liberal or conservative?
do you want to be a victoria secret angel even though they are against trans people?
Where do you stand on the conttroversy with victoria secret?
what did you do last weeks?
Do you speak other languages?
Do you know the dab???
What's your favourite movie?
what are you getting ready for?
Do you still use rosehip oil?
have you ever been to turkey in Istanbul?
How's your sweet kitty doing?
What makeup product could you not live without?
How do you get an agency?
have you writen any songs latelly? you have a very pretty voice
whos your fave supermodel that u look up to?
To all ladies in here:WHEN DID YOU GET OUT OF THE KITCHEN?
What do you think about plastic surgery ?
will you film any more "a day in my life" videos?
​To all ladies in here:WHEN DID YOU GET OUT OF THE KITCHEN?
what languages do you speak?
have you writen any songs latelly?
What do you think of plastic surgery ?
whos your fave supermodel?
shampoo and conditioner do you use??
WHat do you think of people cat fishing your profile??
Have you been to New Jersey?
any new campaigns/jobs you can tell us about? also i miss your vlogs!
whos your fave supermodel??
would u ever dye your hair?
what are u getting ready for?
where are you going?
have you writen any songs latelly??
U been to New Jersey?
what languages do you speak ?
what are u gettin ready for?
most important person in your life?
WHAT HAPPEN TO YOU ? WHY ARENT YOU POST MORE ?
can you please do a singing video?
what shampoo and conditioner do you use??
What cream do you use ?
Have you ever tried any korean skincare product?
This video is going to stay on your channel, right?
​WHAT HAPPEN TO YOU ? WHY ARENT YOU POST MORE ?
whos your fave supermodel that u look up to??
what is your age?
Do you like hiking?
will you upload this to your channel??
WHY ARENT YOU POST MORE ?
Is 5’7 a good height for modeling? And how tall are you?
can you please do a singing video??
Do you model in the world or just in the US ?
what shampoo and conditioner brand is your favourite?
WHY ARENT YOU POST MORE ? Will you gonna post more from now on ?
DO you model only in US or have contract in the world?
do you still write songs?
Do you models in the US only?
how was you day ?
Are you related to Brett Cooper?
If you were single would date a Christian ?
can you sit it up vertically?
do you watch disney???
Do you watch disney???
Can you tell us embarrassing stories about Ben?
Hello Abbie hope things are well, can you please how your faith has helped in your marriage so far?
I've gifted you a voucher to Jordan Peterson's Understand Myself Big 5 test. Can you please confirm if you've received it? Would hate for it to be wasted.
Do you believe it is okay to be gay?
What would you do if you met your arch enemy, Classically Carol??
Ah Sofia, I would love to subscribe to you, what is your chanel name?
Do you know when you’ll be on BBC Essex next? xxx
do you think I should get magic cream by Charlotte tilbury for my combination skin?
Daisie are you eyelids still aggravated by your eyeshadows?
I see fenty have a new glossy lipstick range, have you seen or tried it?
How is the corner of your eye doing - I know it was giving you problems last week?
what happened to your beauty’s little sisters? I got to be one then it stopped
have you ever tried Dr. Barbara sturm products? I want to try but I am scared.
Do you follow a diet? What do you normally eat in a day please x
What fenty hilite do u use on your eyes in the corner? Xx pillow talk original or medium? X
You’ve made me so hungry for a Chinese take away now! What will you order?
I wear pillow talk original but it looks paler than that , what lipliner do you wear with that daisie? Do u wear a darker lipliner ? X
How is your Nan keeping?
Can you say hi Mila?
Hiiiiii what’s your Taco Bell order !!!!???????!????
ilysm! can u say hi ella?
MAY YOU SAY HI OLIVIA????
can you say hi stickwomanthefirst?
can you do an eyeliner tut?
If u have a sub does she know about ur tics?
WHATS YOUR TACO BELL ORDER ???
Can you say hi Izzie?
How old are you?
can you please say hi to me? i started watching you a few weeks ago and i love your videos!! <33
What’s ur favorite food??????
If you’ve ever had a substitute and she/he doesn’t know about your tics have you ever got in trouble?
What’s ur favorite food?????
Do your tics come out often?
hi I don't have tourettes but I have tics from my family members but do you struggle with teachers understanding about it???
Hi, what do you do when you have a random tic attack in the middle of school?
Can you say hi nyx ?
How do you control your tics so well?
If u have ever had a sub does they know abt ur tics??
If u ever had a sub does she know abt ur tics?
Can you say hi clara?
I have a question, what’s your most common tick?
Question, when you faint do you have tics while you're passed out?
How do you control your tics so well?? Love your vids
can you please say hi to me? <33 :)
What time did you faint on a roller coaster or in the water?
does lying down help with that tick that makes your neck spasm?
How tall are you???
How tall are you?
whats your fav school subject?
Question Zara when did you know when you got your ticks ?
WHAT DO YOU PUT IN YOUR TEA?
What’s your favorite place to eat? Or go?
where did you get your tapestry thing behind you?
What’s your favourite tic?
Can you control your sounds?
Who’s ur fav school teacher?
Question Zara when did you know when you got your got your ticks????
i love your outfits where do you get them from?
What happens when you have a random tic attack in school? Btw my name is Addy and I love your videos.
Do you have a twitch??
QUESTION-how y’all are you?
Question Zara when did you know when you got your ticks?????
hiii i’m gwyn! how’s your day?
I forgot to ask you the other day on twitch, how's your shoulder?
Question Zara when did you know when you got your ticks???????
where did you get your tapestry thing behind you? :)
Question, what’s your least favorite color?
What’s ur favorite color?
What’s the tic that happens the least?? I love you btw
What is your fav restaurant?
Do you faint a lot?
What’s the tic that happens the least?? I love you a lot :D
Do u have any pets ?
Zara when did you know when you got your ticks??? Like how old.
Do you have an allergy? if you have whats one of them?♡♡ ly
What’s your most common tick?
do you have tics while you're passed out?
have you ever met a other person with turrets? if so how did it went?
I LOVE YOU SO MUCHH, AND UR ROOM IS VERY PRETTYYY, WHATS UR FAV ANIMAL??????
What’s your favorite color?
do you have tics while you're passed out???
LOVE YOU SO MUCHH, AND UR ROOM IS VERY PRETTYYY, WHATS UR FAV ANIMAL??????
What’s it like having ticks when you meet knew people who are not aware of Tourettes?
Were you born with ticks???
Do you have a pet and if not whats the pet or animal you really want?
do you have tics while you're passed out????
What’s the tic that happens the least?? Ilysm ur so pretty xx
do you have tics while you're passed out ????
What ur fav animal?
do you have tics while you're passed out ?
Have you got any tips for socializing with tics?
QUESTION - Whats your least fav tic?
are you okay rn?- just checking yk-
What’s ur favorite color ??
Have you ever met a other person with turrets? if so, how did it went?
do you have tics while you're passed out ??
Do you journal???? Love your vids
Who is your favourite music artist right now?
have you got any tips for socializing with tics?
Which book are you currently reading?
Were u born with tics?
Zara do you like anime?
do you have tics while you're passed out ????????
How old were u when u got tics or were u just born w it?-
Do you have tics while you're passed out??????
Whats is ur fav movie?
ARE YOU IN THE UK,UK??WHAT COUNTY??
Do you journal???Love your vids!
QUESTION - do you like anime? if so what’s your favourite?
where u born with tics ???????????????
do you have tics while you're passed out??????????
Hi, have you ever met a other person with turrets? if so, how did it went?
do you have tics while you're passed out????????
does it bother you?
QUESTION - do you like anime? if so what’s your fav?
DOES IT BOTHER YOU?
do you have tics while you're passed out?????????
Is there ever a time when you can control your ticks?
Do you like kpop?
whats your fav art supply?
Question! - What do you like about being british?
do you have tics while you're passed out ?????????????
Do others compliment your smile all the time??
What’s ur fav place?
Can you save this live to your channel?
whats your fav art subject?
when you are doing art, what happens if you tic and mess up the art?
QUESTION - do you like anime? IF SO WHATS YOUR FAVOURITE?
do your friends find it funny?
do your friends find your tics funny?
When’s ur bday??? Mine is 2/1/06
May you say hi olivia??
When’s ur bday? Mine is 2/1/06
QUESTION - DO YOU LIKE ANIME? IF SO, WHAT IS YOUR FAVOURITE ONE?
Have you been tested for Pandas/pans?
do you tic when you pass out?
do u have friends who laugh at ur tics?
DO YOU GET TICS WHILE PASSED OUT???
what are your thoughts on anime?
Do you get tics while passed out.??
what was the worst things you have said???
Are you being tested for Pandas Pans?
what happens when you have tics while driving a car?
Do you watch anime?
You being tested for pandas pans?
How tf you tag people?
what was the worst thing you have said???????????????
what hogwarts house are you?
do you're tics feel like hiccups?
What is ur fav animal?
What’s your favorite art style?
I love ur vids I was wondering, is there ever a time when you can control your ticks?
Which is your favourite Foodtball team?
Does writing affect ur tic?
Whats ur fav fruit?
WHATS YOUR FAV SOCCER TEAM?
Do you watch ANIME ?
whats the time right now at your place?
Is covid making your FND worse?
Do you have a kissing the air tic?
does tics affect ur writing?
Have you heard somebody when you take down?
WHATS YOUR FAV SOCCER TEAM?~
How do people see your Tourettes in their perspective?
do you have tics when you sing?
have you ever met evie meg in person or do you ever hope to?
Do u have tixs when singing pls qnswer?????????????
Do you think you might have PANS/PANDAS if your symptoms are different when ill?
How many languages do u speak?
WHATS YOUR FAV SOCCER TEAM?~WHATS YOUR FAV SOCCER TEAM?~
does ur tics get really worse like can u control it?
when did you get a pots diagnosis?
Do you like fantasy ?
what’s your hogwarts house?
DO U HAVE TICS WHEN U SING????????????????!?????
how often do u get tics?
Has Tourettes been the biggest challenge you ever had to face?
Whats ur fav movie?
What’s the worst experience you’ve had in public has someone tried to fight you over an offensive tic?
DO U HAVE TICS WHEN SINGING?????????????
if you were in a exam would you do it in another room?
Do You Like Watching Bob Ross?? Lol!
How do you tell new people about your Tourette? do you tell people when you meet or wait for them to ask questions?
oh that reminded me of something, do you intend to play Hogwarts Legacy (HP RPG) Zara?
Do You Like Watching Bob Ross??
DO U HAVE TIXS WHILSE SINGING?????
hi and how are u?
Do you like Fantasy Movies ???
what's your most common this?
Where do u live from?
does your friends find it funny during tics?
do you like to read? if so what's you're favorite genre?
Do You Get Complimented For Your Smile A Lot???
how do you cope with hate ?b
do your friends find tics funny?
have u ever watched mickey mouse?
Do You Get Complimented For Your Smile A Lot??
Has there been a time where you where at an important event like a funeral and you can control your tics??
what tic hurts you the most?
whats your fav crystal?
Have you ever been bullied because of your tics as a young child?
What's your favorite movie?
do you do ur own nails??
what is your worst/painful tic?
Do you do your nails?
WHATS UR WORST\MOST PAINFUL TIC?
do u do ur own nails?
do you have a favorite movie?
hi do you do ur own nails?
Who is your favorite youtuber? (Can't be yourself)
What is your favorite book?
Did you have your tics when painting them?
hello i am german and am writing with a translator i have a question can you just get tutett from one day to the next or is it born?
Has there been a time in an important event like a funeral and you can’t control you tics????
Who is your favorite youtuber???
Can you please save this live?
Do you watch anime at all?
have you ever met evie meg in person or do you ever want to?
Has there been a time in an important event like a funeral and you can’t control your tics??
Have you read the inheritance games?
is college fun in your opinion?
Do I see Wonder in your book collection??
do you have any netflix recommendation????? looking for a new show
Hey Zara, do you have the book named Wonder in your collection?
Do you have any pets?
Have you ever read turtles all the way down?
how does it feel when you faint??
Has there been a time in an important events like a funeral where you can’t control you tics???
is this your first time on live ?
are u diagnosed with pots now?
Do you play any video Games?
Has there been an important time in your life like a funeral where you can’t control your tics???
How often do you paint your nails?
Do you play any Instruments?
Whats ur fav flower?
When is your birthday btw?
what dose it feel like for you when you have a tic (does it heart)?
do some people in your class make fun of you?
Do you play roblox?
do you think any of your tics are caused by fnd or is it all from tourettes??
Do you play any instruments?
what ur fav flower?
How is it like when ur tøying to consentrate?
What's your star sign?
Can you try to draw???
What is your least favorite?
My cousin has Tourette’s and one of her tics is hitting/touching other people. Do you have any tics that do anything like that?
When is ur birthday?
How long have you been doing YouTube?
Can you try to draw while having tics?
Did you publish the book that you wrote in a month?
Hiii I have just been diagnosed with Tourette’s do you have any tips?
Do you like sushi??
Are you being tested for PANDAS PANS?
What is your favourite place to be?
Zara what the word you use the most?
how often do you go live? or what days and time
Have you fainted today??????
Zara what’s the word u use the most?
how often do you go live day and time??
Are you going to go to uni next year?
HI I JUST JOINED HOWS YOUR DAY GOING ? :)
What causes tics ? can you get it when you get older?
whats your fav song?
Hey my name is Alec, I tic and my mom thinks that I am faking. What would you suggest to help with this?
how's your day going ???
Could you do a video of your TS journey?
Do you ship Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson? Please notice me
Did you publish the book you wrote in a month?
do you have strong tics?
wait u have an older brother??\
also what color are your eyes ? :3
how old were you when you first passed out?
How do you know if you have Tourettes? I have these noises and motion I make that I can’t control and don’t know if it’s considered Tourettes
where'd you buy your shirt?
how are a levels going? I'm in year 12, anything you wish you knew?:)
Have you had braces?
Hi! Are you french ? :))
What FND symptom clearing up would most improve your life?
Do your tics affect sleep?
What would happen if someone who doesnt know you have tics, gets mad at what you say when you have a attack?
are you french, i mean do you speak french?
do u Always have tics ?
do u speak dutch? XD
What’s your book called? I’ve been trying to read a lot more and I would love to read it
Do you speak English?
what is your favorite color?
does you book relate to you?
What’s the most happy u have been in ur life? And why :)
what is your most common tick?
Are you diagnosed with tics when born?
does your book relate to you?
What time is it with you?
what is your must common tick?
What happens if soemone who doesnt know u have tics gets mad at what you say when you have an attack?
what is your fav tick?
How old were you when u got your ticks?
Where are u from?
does talking about tics make you tic?
How old were you whn you got your ticks?
Zara, what if someone who doesnt know what tics are get mad at what you say when you have an attack? PLEASEEEE READDDDD
how old were you when u got your ticks?
How does your mum help you with your health stuff (if not too personal? X
IS THAT YOUR NATRUAL HAIR?
how old were you when you first fainted?
IS THAT YOUR NATRUAL HAIR COLOUR?
How do you deal with haters?
Whats the meanest thing youve said during you tick attacks?
IS THAT YOUR NATRUAL HAI COOUR?
DO U HAVE TICS WHEN U ARE SLEEPING AND ALSO WERE YOU BORN WITH TICS??
Has reducing sugar also helped your mental health?
do you wear eye contacts?
Do you have a favorite animal?
Do you watch any animes? If so what’s your favorite one?
going on a dream shopping trip. gotta get an outfit and food. where you going ?
what are your plans for this week?? x
Do you get tics when your asleep?
DO U KNOW WHEN UR GOING TO FAINT?
How did you start your art shop?
I dont know if you answered this quesrion yet, but when did you get your tourettes Diagnose?
Do you choke when you tick when you eat?
Do you have a favorite animal??
Will you be selling any more original stuff ?
Will you be selling any more original stuff in your shop?
Where do you get your clothes ?????
What’s your book called?
why can’t u tell us your sexuality?
how different do you think your life would be if you didn't have ticks?
How did you get the confidence to start posting online?
Are you working on any new music?
whats your age and zodic?
Did you get made or still do fun of for having it??
Hii! Do you faint when you sleep?
How often do you read books?
we’re u born with tics and also do u have tics when u are sleeping ??????!!!!!!
Are you playing any games right now?
Do you play any video games???
do u ever hurt Someone?
How long have you had tics?
Do you have a hobbie? Love your context <3
Do you game?? :D
Hii! What grade are you in?
What’s the words u say the most?
are u a witch?
Do you get tics when you’re asleep and also were you born with tics? Ily sm
why did you just MEOW?
What did you mean when you said your tics have names?
why did you just meow?
Do you know what caused your FND? If not too personal x
What’s the name of your book? I want to start reading a lot more and I would loveeeee to read your book when it comes out
How long was it since u fainted?
What grade are you in?
what are the Tics you have the most?
What made you and your family realize you had to see a doctor?
How long you take to fall asleep?
are you British?? not to be rude tho
Have you ever ticked the n word?
Hey, were you born with tax? And also do you have takes when you’re sleeping?
have u ever ticked the n word?
What’s your cats name?
Your tics seem generally less intense than they were a while back - is there a reason why?
Do you get waves of severity of tics? Like every few weeks or days or months it gets better/worse?
Do you do yoga with gymnastics?
where did you get your shirt?
What’s the name of your book??? I really would love to know
Has your cat ever meow to you back?
do you like Pokemon?
Do you play any instruments???
ur room is sooo pretty!??
are you a witch? sory but I'm curious- i started studying a week ago
WHERE YOU BORN WITH TICS???
how do u handle it when the days are really bad?
Any celebs with Tourette’s that you know of ?
WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE SPORT?????
WHAT'S YOUR FAVE SPORT???
Are you in year 11?
What’s your favourite nail varnish colour?
What’s your favorite food?
What’s the name of your book?
are u from the UK?
What level do you do gymnastics at? Just wondering
Is makeup difficult to do with Your Tourette’s ?
why do you faint ??????????????????????
when did your fainting start?
How have you got better at managing FND?
whats your favorite tic word?
what time is it were you live?
whats your favorite tic?
What level do you do gymnastics at?
have u ever ticked the n word? have u ever ticked the n word?
whats your favorite tic that you have?
How’s ur torettes rn?!
What’s your book called? I’m not trying to be annoying asking but I really want to know really bad I love reading books so much
WHATS YOUR FAVORITE TIC THAT YOU HAVE?
Is it day for you? Or night times bc it looks like night time
Hi dhivya and Vikram...how are u doing today? Nice to see u both together
hi sisy h r u!!?
what coast are you on?
What do you think of JC new "pregnancy" vid?
How else do you think brands are selling full size products in a $25 box?
I don't understand... the point of a box is to discover a product and re-purchase it... if it's not the same... why would you ?
I love your winged liner. So good! Inspired by your daughter?
Can you talk about your thoughts on Jessica Braun and her Disney trip?
how did you start out? just doing tutorials?
Jen, do you still think people fall for the “Drama sells” mindset?
But it is even worth it anymore when you have to force change?
What do you think about the Jessica Braun drama with going to Disney during the pandemic?
@Mon K420 I thought that as well, but then if you get caught out wouldn't it go over even worse?
People judge but forget to reflect on their own actions you know?
what do you think about ipsy glam bag x?
what do you have on your cheeks???
so who is on your shirt?
Hi Jen! Can you talk more about the t shirts?! Are they comfy? Stretchy?
Fairly new viewer. Why did you start your channel? You do such a nice job with the news each week. Really enjoy it.
Jen what do you think your thing is?
Has anyone else watched MommingWithMigraine? if you have these issues... she is great!!
@Tom Thibideau I'm lounging in bed having coffee so has the weekend even started yet? Not before the livestream Enjoyed your product reviews yesterday too!
I’m good Suzanne! How’s everything with you?
@Suzanne Jadrzyk when you look at the price of things and rising inflation right?!
What do you think of the Altruist 10% urea moisturiser and Revolution caffeine eye serum?
Hi from southern Norway! Do you know if The Inkey List has discontinued its Azelaic acid serum? Dupes?
Hi Rob! Glad you’re feeling better—any suggestions for exfoliating the scalp/hairline routine/product recommendations? Can you use inkey Sa/cerave SA on the scalp? Thanks!
Rob, question. If you are using BHA liquid & hydrating toner in a routine and both have same light watery texture, which would you apply first?
Could you please recommend a really good retinol product for someone new to using retinol? Thanks!
Danny!!! How are you? I hope you are ok! Are you finally relaxing? Lovely weekend!
some chorizo sausages, filled paprika's, corn, ribs, and steaks. i made handmade tortilla's and salsa! can you all smell it!?
hi rob! any thoughts on the brand 111skin? i recently purchased the energizing antioxidant essence and hylauronic serum and am curious what you think about the brand!
Hey How are you? I've been on accutane But my pores got so huge What can I do? Help me please
How is your couch so beautifully white when you have cats and a dog?? I can vacuum every day and still my furballs cover mine in fluff
Are there any face scrubs you recommend from boots?
Rob, can we use just the spf after you serum in summer?
ultrasun say to only apply once a day, would you agree?
what do u think of torriden?
I would love love to order, but I am from Germany. Could you tell me about the VAT? Because I want to try EVERY product
Benzoyl peroxide irritates my eyes however it works so well for my acne. What would you suggest I do?
@To whom it may concern It's the small things that can make your day, right?
what a gorgeous doggie. please please, what is good for lines and wrinkles from weight loss? Im 61 so also hydration issues. thank you so much xx
You think we have a new spider bot today Suzanne?
Rob, have you tried anything from Trinny London?
What are your thoughts on the Ocuwake eye cream from face theory? Xx
where do u usually get your kbeauty products?
will you formulate an eye cream/serum for us as some point Rob? i hope you will
Rob i got the Boots Salycilic Acid and ir smells like acetone, do you think it's ok to use it?
Hi Tom! How’s your head today?
Hi Borneo! How are you?
Ho, I thought you had to leave?
Hi Rob…how are you?
Rob, you can use skinoren every night without irritation?! woah, I've been using it for years and I still have to use it once every two days
Rob! Hey! So happy to be here with you! I just received my MAS order today. Please address copper peptide color for me. Why so light?
Would you apply copper peptide before a retinal in your evening regimen? Thank you new to your space.
I am also loving the dark spot serum and copper peptide and those wash cloths are amazing too. Are you coming out with any more new products?
When does your new MAs copper peptide with gf come out?
Hey Rob. Have you ever tried professional products like Circadia, Skin Script, Image, etc? Curious of your thoughts.
@scottfttcos do you have a brand suggestion?
How can you drink tea in this heat? Warm here in Wales.
Just placed my order and Super Serum is free!! Yes. When do you think the antioxidant cream will be available?
How can you still see it?
Hi Rob, I'm curious how you are doing with your New Year's resolution of daily facial massage? Any significant changes?
Hey Rob!’ How are you? Are we getting closer to the antioxidant cream being available? I promise I’m patiently waiting. . I love it!
Tom!!! Are your going to hide me, too??
Thank you Tom. Any idea on how I can remove the free serum code? Or should I just wait to order until the free serum offer is over?
I have got a tretinoin 0.025%, 0.05% and a 0.1%, and a tazarotene 0.1%. I’m confused in which order I should use them. Can you help? Thanks.
Sandra, how did you get all of those at once?
A note with your order and request the 3rd CP serum? Either that or email customer service?
What do you think of untra violette disco queen SPF luminous body oil?
QUESTION. If you had to choose one copper peptide besides MAS which would it be?
Vive up your down below???
Rob, what are your thoughts on COSRX 6 Peptide Skin Booster?
Shobhna, what sort of price point did you want for the moisturiser?
Hi Rob! What do you think of a serum with these ingredients? It has snow mushroom high on the listAqua [Water], Glycerin, Tremella fuciformis sporocarp extract, Sodium gluconate, Benzoic acid
@Celia Reed Hi how are you?
HI ROB, how do u tell apart mineral and chemical sunscreens?
starting you off with an easy one...do you recommend using Vit C after cleansing and before even toner, or after toner???
Rob, what are your favorite foods to eat while you travel??
will you purge from vitamin c??
Good evening ︎ Hope your evening is awesome! What is your opinion on hyaluronic acid and xylitol combo?
How will you celebrate Valentines day??
Hi! I struggle with redness between my eyebrows. I think it may be rosacea, but it may just be irritating. Do you have any product recommendations?
Hi Rob. Have you tried the Avant Guard reusable silicone mask that James Welsh reviewed?
HappY SaturdaY ... hope you are staying safe and doing well! Have you tried Alpha H ‘s vitamin c and grape seed serum or their vitamin a and retinol serum?
Looks like you’re in a different room for your live. Any opinion on Sunday Riley in general? Any specific faves?
3 degrees Fahrenheit here in Colorado, -2 tomorrow! What to you think of Tea Tree Oil to treat acne? Thanks Rob!!
If you could only choose one would you choose the ordinary buffet with copper or the k brand logically skin?
Happy weekend!!!! I’ve smashed the LIKE button for you, Rob! Quick question - I’m going to be starting Finacea 15%, can I use other brightening ingredients with it or not?
Hello! What do you think about the brand Filorga?
any thoughts on the korean brand "I'm from"? hope you're staying safe and mentally healthy. Lots of love from the Philippines. ^^
I have some rosacea around my nose and lately I also got some pimples. What product would you recommend?
Rob, what would you recommend for dry and dehydrated skin? My price point is upto $30-40. Thank you!!!
what are your thoughts on benzoyl peroxide for acne? Thanks!
what are your thoughts on VIT C by Purito? you should get more hype btw
Hii!! I was wondering if cerave smoothing SA cleanser is good for fungal acne? I love your videos so much!!
Have you tried flawless brightly serum?
how is your skin care line going?
what’s your thoughts on adapalane?
hi Rob, Greetings from India! do you recommend any form of retinol for people with dermatitis? product recommendations for the same please..Thank u
Any foaming cleanser you recommend over Cerave's Foaming Cleanser for oily skin? I like their SA renewing cleanser, but their foaming cleanser doesn't quite do it for me.
Can you make some body skincare videos? I have back acne and it would be nice to hear what you recommend for the body
where can you fing the Stratia Liquid Gold in Europe ?
Hiiiiii I finally made a live stream! How are you?!
Where can you buy the Stratia Liquid Gold in Europe ? Glad to be here
What are your thoughts on the First Aid Beauty spf 30 face cream? It seems like it has good ingredients and protection but I’ve never heard anyone talk about it
Quick question - would you recommend using a hydrator spray between each layer of skincare?
Have you ever tryed Derma or Änglamark?
How many serums are you using morning and night?
Can u use Hyaronic acid, niacinimide and vitamin c in one routine?
have you tried the muji products? I would love to hear your opinion! thank you I love your channel!!
Hi Rob How are you today?
HII robb how are youu?? i was wondering if you know any face masks with turmeric and honey??
I know you’re all about skin care of course but I’m wondering if you ever dabble in makeup???
What is you favourite gel moisturizer, for oily skin? Xx
When are you chatting with Deciem? Can you ask them to remove the fragrance, limonene and linalool in the Retin-Oil. Totally broke me out with the retinol.
Good morning! So glad I could join today! I'm curious -- What's been the most challenging part of starting your own skincare line? And your favorite part?
Heya! Happy Saturday Nice to see the new camera haha. I was wondering - have you chosen the winner for the December Deciem giveaway?
Hi Rob... how are you coping with the weather over there?
Hi Rob, sending love from California, it's raining today. Hope you're well Will your skincare line ship to the US?
Hi! What do you find to beat the best way to rinse cleanse off in the sink?
wow your skin is beautiful. do you watch Rupaul???
have you seen the new boots Ingredients range? going for an "inky list" vibe
Hi, Rob. I'm using re:pigment after seeing your video, however, I did not really see any results. I used it AHA before the re:pigment, is it conflicting with re:pigment?
If you were going to travel and could only bring a carry-on bag (very limited space for skincare/liquids), what products would you choose to bring for your skincare routine?
Hi! I love your videos, and I'm wondering wheter you can recommend a good serum similar to the Hylamide SubQ one? I am unfortunately unable to purchase the hylami
How old are you ?
I found an Australian website that stocks the Boots No 7 range!! I’m pretty sure I should know but what’s your fav product from them?
whave you tried any inkey list hair treatments? if so which one do you recommend?
Hello Rob! your skin is so glowing..:-) what shouldn't be mixed with subq skin in Am routine? much much love fromFrance xxxxx
What do you think of the missha sunscreen? The chemical one with spf45
Hi Rob, First time from Calgary, Alberta, Canada! Love you!!! Can I mix azelaic acid with tretinoin at night?
What's your favorite BHA/salicylic acid for people with oily skin? (The Paula's Choice 2% BHA is way too greasy for me.)
An products you recommend for hyperpigmentation from acne?
Is it humid where you live? Do you think that exacerbates the oiliness of your skin?
Did you try the GOW triple treatment toner? Just ordered it on a whim and I couldn’t find any reviews.
in the evening. Where do I put the snail mucin amongst this?can you pls tell me?
started using Retinol from the ordinary... if I'm hoin to peel when would it likely happen? only started last night. Thank you.
hey hope you're doing well I want you to suggest me a good light weight moisturizer ?
what is your favourite face mask ever for brightening?
Do you have any new year's resolutions? PS: I love your channel
Rob, what product from your skincare line are you most excited about?
Would you treat your neck the same way as your face? Don’t want my neck to end up looking older than my face.
What do you think about the Neutrogena Rapid Wrinkle Repair as a retinol?
Hi Rob! Thanks for all you've done covering the sunscreen issue. Do you know if Krave has or is going to do any testing on the Beet Shield?
when we will have some sneak peak of your skincare line? i am excited to try them.
Love your videos! When is your skincare line released?
Hi Rob, This is Terry from Calgary, Alberta, Canada Are you still going to review other skincare brands after your own brand comes out?
When are you launching?
I have tried absolutely everything for my acne and followed a healthy diet and nothing is working! do you have any advice?
would you recommend doing a diy tumeric and honey mask? can they be irritating? are you against diy skincare?
Will you be doing sunscreen in your skincare line?
do you have to wait after applying the ordinary 1% to put moisturiser on after?
Hi Vanessa, How long have you been following Rob?
Love your videos! Best product other than hyaluronic acid for dehydrated skin?
Hey Rob, have you tried the SPF of Bondi Sans?
Hi! What’s the official SPF count of Dear Klair’s sunscreen? Thank you
Do you like the NIOD sunscreens? xo
You wouldn’t take a sunscreen????
Does anyone have those jigsaw puzzle pads/rolls so you can put a puzzle away while you're still doing it? Wondering where to buy one in Canada?
Hi Vanessa, I usually do jigsaw puzzles on my ipad. Have you tried Amazon for the puzzle roll?
Long time no see Tom, how are you? Are you still loving the Hylamide SubQ skin?
Hi! How to heal maskne? Two months and counting. Thank you!
Thanks Terry, which app do you like?
Tom, are you still enjoying the Inkey List Cleansing Balm? I'm still debating about that one...LOL
Thanks Terry, I'm going to check it out. What's your favourite new skincare product?
Sending love from Washinton, DC. What's your stance on the Niod Copper Amino Isolate and a tretinoin in a routine? Same day? Day and night? Alternating nights? Thank you!
Terry and Vanessa... have you tried using the oat cleansing balm as a mask?
Hi Jenni, Wishing you great skin health in 2021! Do you have any favourite products from 2020?
Terry would you say the squalane cleanser is good for sensitive combo skin?
Tom, what's your favourite product from 2020?
I love Madonna, but I'd rather try your skincare line Rob....when is the launch?
Can you use a cleanser with an exfoliating active before a retinoid?
Hi Jenni, FECC sounds amazing, is it working well for you? Do you think the Illiyoon would be good for some with sensitive rosacea-prone skin?
Hi! Can I use differin gel as a spot treatment? Love you channel
Tom, I'm so curious about the CAIS...but you & Rob have sold me on the SubQ skin...is the SubQ mist the same? (it just came back in stock).
Have you noticed a difference between purito's unscented repair cream with and without witch hazel?
How are you finding epiduo? I already use a benzoyl peroxide cleanser and the ordinary retinol, do you think I would still get the bad purging effects at the start?
What do you think about essences?
Hi from Michigan, love your channel! What are your thoughts about paula's choice Aha and bha? I have dry maturing skin.
Thank you Jenni, that's great to hear! Another YouTuber I follow loves Illiyoon. Have you tried the Missha Artemisia First Essence? Not sure my skin is liking it.
I’ve been staying cool in the air conditioning @Borneo1834. How’s the temperature where you are?
I’ll m with you Caroline! He has to get it right eventually… maybe tonight?
hi Tom, are these fires near you?
Skincare question… hello Rob, can you please tell me what products I should not be using alongside my Retinol (or Retinal)? I use my retinol in the evenings
Who had 1:07?! Congrats you are this weeks winner!
Good morning Rob! Do you know if Allies of skin discontinued their The One sunscreen? It isn’t on the US website anymore
Rob will there be bakuchiol in your new serum?
Love how you treat your staff, are you hiring? LOL Jk I am in the US
I saw comment online saying your formula changed and peptides are no longer encapsulated. That’s false right??
@tthibideau Are you secretly German with being early all the time?
are you a dermatologist?
Rob do you know when Remedy will be available in the UK? Do you know who will stock it?
Is AOS you recently featured peptide encapsulated?
Any good PR items left to give out with an order by chance? Not trying to be greedy but you don't know if you don't ask!
Do you have an update on your antioxidant cream?
That’s very interesting…. Where did your grandmother immigrate to, and have you been here to visit?
Yay, excited for the lip balms!! Can you tease a little more about the scents/flavors? Are they tinted?
@tthibideau are you talking about Rib?
You guys want to visit Vietnam?
old? You're not old Tom
Hey Rob, can I ask you some question?
hey Rob, have you thought about developing a MAS eye cream?
I apologize if it has already been mentioned but are you releasing a new cleansing balm or oil in the near future? Thx
How'd you choose Mad About Skin or why? Great branding!
Any sunscreens you recommend for water?
Rob, have you tried Prequel 1/2 & 1/2? I love it as a light moisturizer, with the MAS maximum moisturizer for night.
When you ship your sunscreen in the US is it protected from the heat?
Hello Angela! How have you been?
Do you recommend layering azelaic acid under or over retinal?
You might try the prequel sulfur wash on your chest?
Sorry I missed so much and probably won't catch up where are you going Rob?
See you all next time (in a month I think?)
Hi everyone! Love your channel Rob—can you outline the best way to use benzoyl peroxide and adapalene in the same routine? (Not epiduo but separate items) thanks!!!
Hi Rob! Lovely haircut Hoe are you?
Hello everyone. How are you Rob? Hope you've been enjoying the nice weather we're having.
If you haven’t joined the Facebook group, WHY NOT? https://m.facebook.com/groups/7702164...
Sweet T, are you doing ok?
I’ve missed some time lately so I was wondering if you could talk about your Ned releases? I know there’s a lip balm but what other product?
Do you prefer serums in the fridge or cupboard? I use the fridge
Rob, do you think towels are the devil & should be avoided when possible?
Have you tried the Rephr moisturizer? It’s the first product of their skincare.
@sugerless20 was you that told me to enter the fb group? well, anyway, I'm in now!
@Rob is it ok to use AHA/BHA with tret? Also, cud u plz mention prods that r cruelty free & vegan? Ty Hello from NYC
Rob, what do you think is good to do for peeling from Tretinoin?
Best time stamp I've seen in a video is "the usual waffle" - maybe you could steal that?:)
When is your vegan line coming out ?
ooohh what did i miss about your launch?
@sugerless I'm just Claro! so nice you are making more projects, I'm a bit envy...I don't have ant inspiration rn. what are u working on?
not sure if you saw this in the fb group Rob, but have you considered creating the chicken daddy candles for those who can use fragrance in their skincare?
Hi Rob!!! How would you go about slugging with tret in your routine? i love my vaseline but don't want to disrupt the tretinoin!!
Do you recommend retinol on your lips? At a very low concentration of course?
ELF skincare has peptides and its cheap! what are your thoughts?
what is your opinion of Altruist Sunscreens ? I'm thinking of buying it as my next sunscreen .
what do you think about olay vitamin c peptides serum?
Does Betty’s tea make candles? Maybe you could do a collab?
Hello Rob! Happy Saturday What is your go-to Azelaic Acid Product at the moment?
Oh, do you recommend the same products for hyperpigmentation as a result of sun damage as you do for post acne? Wonder if the recommendations are the same?
I want to stop smoking too @Kirsten Flood what helped u?
Hello Rob! Happy Saturday what is your go-to Azelaic Acid Product atm?
what are your thoughts on roundlab dokdo toner ?? have you tried it ??
Do you have different speed rings? I.e. profoto?
How are these modifiers looking for your continuous line? Do they work with those?
Super important question here: What kind of Tequila will you have for us in Sept?
Can you play stock market on $JPM?
@griffinkeenan what is your go to AI you use?
@scottcooper1173 Lol true. You think the US will be around in 100 years????
can you see me yet?
You can definitely tell who got the clot shot! Scared much? You should be!
Was she drinking blood that kills people eating children for dinner? That is the worst it gets in your brain and you start to shake and you die
its probably not an od, she has a history of terribly mental health problems, what do you think happened?
why are you so sure she got the vax?? you knew her?
wait, even the jabbs own listed known side effects and warnings are maga related? lmao you're an idiot fr
@Bobby-Broadway Thank you! Why are so many so convinced and spreading lies?!
Who are you talking about? I'm dealing with this now and im 35
Worried about your home address/phone/personal info being out there? Data brokers sell it to anyone Remove your info free scan here: https://www.dataseal.io/?via=ickedmel (aff link)
sorry did you say "gonna get whiteboy" like that's a term for drama in white world?
!8ball are you ok?
@Hap_shaughessy REALLY DUDE? Why feel the need to say something so fucking ignorant? Don’t watch then! It’s not all about you brah
@ickedmel what kind of watch are you wearing?
where is the 911 call? On line? How horrible was it? Gosh, she did herself in. You can tell here she was so down
@melissab1725 did u get all your boosters yet ?
It’s amazing how only certain people have so much to say, but how would their life look played out minute by minute and everyone dissecting your life?
!8ball does your voice sound like RFK or Hayden Panettiere?
@cherylG11 have you ever donated an organ or blood?
if you think too much you risk using your mcgraw-hill educated brain to comment though....who owned mcgraw hill BTW?
What is wrong with you ppl in here? Seriously
@John . How do you know this?? Damn anti-VAXer
Wait hold on. The clip you just played now looks sus. What are the chances of foul play??
Bro that guy couldn't even form a coherent sentence are you freaking kidding me...???
You mean Cyrex replied?
would you say that about some of the Republicans or are you just one-sided?
so you're going to hold a STREAMER to a higher standard then you would the president?
I love Smash Hits etc. Who was your teenage crush? Whose posters did you have on your bedroom walls? John Taylor from Duran Duran for me
now that you are recovering, are you all revisiting some exercise? I remember you were thinking about swimming.
mummycat, do you have the books? I recommend the app
I thought you were going to have a bacon butty?