Do you know how to send message in your live now?
how go i get to communicate with u? u never notice me...lol
Can you mix illuninizer drops into the BB cream?
What shade are you using?
Have you seen Maskara? I have been just enamored with the concept! One layer!
how do you feel about Boscia skin care products?
@darrla hi!! recognize you from Pamela's channel I think...but no I want to try the powder badly tho. are you fair skinned?
How old are your kids?
Jen what are your thoughts on boxycharm supposedly sending expired better than sex mascaras in their box? Am so scared i dont wanna use it
Jen, have you tried powder foundations? they are great for fast makeup days. I love J cat Aquasurance and Tonymoly one, that looks like a pink cat
have you tried the colouring pop eyebrow pencils?
what do u think about Elf products?
I think it’s L’Oreal peach pallet, have you tried it?
There’s always one kid that will says “What did you do to your face?” #brutallyhonest
where do you buy Blinc??
Is you washer or dishwasher going?
How old is your mic?
Hey Jen any plans for the summer? Are you planning any trips??
Anyone hearing a whoosh are you using apple devices?
have you ever tried Thrive eyeliner?
Do you set your cream eyeshadow?
Kinda new here.. where do you live??
So moving way way on what are your plans for summer?
what color is your nail polish? it's really pretty
@Jen Luvs Reviews Are you sad about the Julep beauty boxes?
Where do they sell your mascara at?
You’re getting shocked??? Connector of mic pack
Jen, have you tried Covergirl Exhibitionist mascara?
do you know why payless is going out of business?
Would you consider a room tour? Emily Noel did one and I was surprised how much I enjoyed it and Im always wondering how the rest of your room looks.
Jen - Why do you think that no one is reviewing the new Lime Crime Venus XLII palette?
can u do a top 5 bottom 5 ingredients for each type of makeup/skincare?
Can you do two videos? Your standard ingredient analysis and a second short WUM like review?
you sure it's not the palette? lol
Will you do one with Emily again?
jen will you ever do a product collab? I'd love a palette or lipstick from someone who is so well versed in ingredients.
Can you have your daughter do your makeup again?
Do you have his channel linked in description box below???
Collective Brain: Have any of you used the bareMinerals BareSkin foundation? Is it brush or sponge formula?
@NataliaEnchantix what did you get?
Have you thought about collaborating with a small up and coming YouTuber? Helping the underdog?
Jen, what is your favorite Korean BB cream or foundation?
Hi Mr. Ashtone! How have you been?
someone mentioned earlier about sephora voting for you jen??
someone mentioned about sephora voting for you??
doll 10 concealer have u tried?
Jen you going to apply for the Sephora Squad?
NEW TOPIC: Do you honor expiration dates?
What’s one palette you’ll never declitter?
Have you tried the Born This Way concealer? I'm so curious about it
Who is your favorite ASMR person?
Great question about expiration dates. How do you tubers deal with this and the massive collections? Not everyone declutters.
Have you watched You on Netflix? So good
are you an always black eyeliner user? ive started using bronze a lot. then again im older
do you put face oil on before or after moisturizer?
MrAshtonone... would you compare it to Shape Tape?
Would you do a Sydney Grace brand review including her cream shadows?
Any great YouTubers you know of to teach editing, etc?
are you going to try the new natasha denona bloom blush and glow?
What is your favorite lipstick formula?
Jen, do you use a separate sunscreen everyday? Any recs? At what point do you apply it? After moisturizer?
Do you still use Drunk Elephant??
@michelle maffia - hey girl how have you been?
Jen, are you testing the Derma E Hydrating Mist by any chance?
@Jen Luvs Reviews question can you help pewds?
what do you think about powder foundations?
will your husband ever do a tattoo story? love these types of videos
U do eye makeup first and then base?
omg your gorgeous how do u do ur eyes its so nice what palette do you use??
Can you do a vanity haul?
When do you come back?
Can you tie your ankles up to your ears with your hair?
Can you say my name in a shout out?
Can you say my name in a shout out right now?
Yeah!!! I want your mom to come in the live when do you come back?
were r u from??
Are you going live every single day?
Can your mom come to the live??? Please
What advice would u give to a girl who’s going into high school? (Aka me )
Are u like bajan?
How old is your boyfriend‘s brother?
Did you bedazzle your own claw clip?
Can I give you some reasons why I don’t like Sabrina carpenter? I used to love her tho
Where is the thing you’re using from?
Can I give u some reasons I don’t like Sabrina carpenter? I used to movd her tho
Do You like sza?
what is your favorite lip combo?
Do You like Rihanna ?
HAIII DO U REMEMBER ME!? (I TOLD U ABOUT THE LIGHT SWITCH WHEN PAINTING YOUR ROOM WITH BTW LOOKS SOOO CUTE )
What’s the like type of hair that you haveee???
you look so gorgeous with your hair makeup your outfit. how are you doing right now sweetheart?
Was people being racist are ur last live?
What’s the like type of hair that you haveee??? ( natural hair btw )
Which country are you from?
Do you live in Texas?
HAIII DO U REMEMBER ME!? (I TOLD U ABOUT THE LIGHT SWITCH WHEN PAINTING YOUR ROOM WITH BTW LOOKS SOOO CUTE ) (ALSO NOT TRYNA SPAM )
How was your day?
Did your phone die when you ended your last live stream?
Where are you from?
Did your phone die when you enter your last live stream, bro?
REAL QUICK DO U LIKE KATSEYE!?
SUPERR QUICK DO U LIKE KATSEYE!??
Can I call you?
Do you listen to Ella Langley?
Do you like jhene aiko?? Because I love her!
Do you like karaoke?
Omg... What are you doing????
how are you doing??
What make up look are you going for?
Wow a guidance reading and live stream on my birthday? If you love me just say that Lorraine
Do you read for yourself?
How to get to a place where you trust and start giving readings to people? I want to give short free reasons to develop my skill
hows your cat? is sir sleeping?
Where do you shop?
Would you consider doing some shorter readings? Most of them are sooooo long.
Will your personal readings be through PayPal or will there be other forms of payments possible?
Do you watch adventure time? Lol
Quick question, what's your advice on reading playing cards for cartomancy etc.?
What’s your sun moon and rising?
Whats your big three? (Sun, moon and rising sign)
Will your readings be solely though PayPal or there will be other forms of payment ??
How did you learn to read tarot cards? I'm trying to learn myself.
thoughts on why you couldn't get someone off of your mind for sooo long?
how do you tell if the pentacles in playing cards are upright or reversed?
how did you learn how to read tarot cards on your own? I'm trying to learn how to read them myself
Has anyone ever said that you sound like Phoebe Tonkin ?? She’s from vampire diaries and the Originals
Have you ever had an Akashic Reading?
Did you hear that sound love?
how did you pick up saying "oh my days"?
How do you like your new home?
What kind of structure will you have for your readings?
Will you accept other forms of payment other than PayPal?
Which all tarot readers do you follow?
do you have any pisces placements?
How do you feel about zodiac readings?
Why did you burn things??
how much will they be? when will they be available... sorry if you already discussed im a late comer to the stream.
lol why you so obsessed with me?
Did you have a Twin Flame?
Are you saying you kept feeling his energy? Because I feel like thats what I’m experiencing.
Your laughter is infectious! How do you know if a person is your twin flame or just a soul mate? Do you think there is a difference between these terms?
Can u elaborate on your twin flame journey (if it's not to personal)?
did you find your twin flame where you live as well? or is that impossible
how did you know that you had met your twin flame?
what are your sign(s)? : ) p.s. you're so wonderful!
are you a december cap or a january cap?
How much do you charge for readings, Lorraine?
oh are they? thank you!
I found it hard to read for strangers vs. friends. What groups did you first read for?!
Do you still keep in contact with the person?
How did you know that u met ur soulmate?
How do you read for yourself and stay objective?
Whats your moon and rising sign? I'm Cancer sun, Cancer moon and Leo rising!
Which all tarot readers do you follow on youtube?
Are you dating your sun moon and rising?
Can u talk about your twin flame journey?
what is your birth chart if you're comfortable with sharing ?
Do you still keep in contact with that person?
whats your big three??
Can you recognize your twin flame even if you’ve never met them? You are my favorite tarot reader btw
Yes I have a question How are you so pretty ?
have you ever used dice as a form of divination? what do you think about it?
how do you feel about zodiac focused readings?
how did you know for your twin flame?
Can u talk about your twin flame journey? R u currently together?
Will personal readings be only through Patreon? You’re my favorite reader
what does it mean if you see and hear someones name every ?
waiiit are you with your twin flame?
you are a Twin? I just seen a comment
QUESTION: have you tried past life regression to find out about your phobia of small holes????
Q:What music do u listen to?
Do u have Gemini in your chart?
@Katie Johnson maybe you need to learn patience? its a suck of a lesson. im a scorpio and VERY impatient
The Devil card - how do you feel about that being your card?
Thank you luv bunny! Do you know her moon sign as Well? Lol
Do you have a boyfriend?
Can you read Kirk?
can you make throw pillow merch?
I know I'm overdoing this question. In your own personal readings, how do you stay objective?
do you do marine or freshwater aquariums?
How did you get that good at readings?
Did you have a feeling you were going to be as successful as you are at tarot? P.s - you’re amazing
whys your name the hermit tarot?
Do you mind telling us your moon and rising???
what other YouTube readers do you recommend?
What did you do before YouTube? (:
I have your card deck and it is awesome. Is there a chance to get your song deck as well?
Hello Beautiful soul. How are you? XXX
Do you do tarot and YouTube full time now? Or, do you still maintain a day job?
Can you do some shorter readings? Most these are so long it just boggles the mind
have you ever used dice for divination or trying to connect with ancestors? what do you think of it?
Do you think I could become a reader as a male reader?
Would you consider doing more readings for singles?
are u going for a date after this hun? coz wowza!!
How do you balance your energy and make it/keep it clear? Because your energy is soooo wholesome and bright! Lot's of love
How do you keep your energy up after readings? Or to do so many frequent readings?
What’s your zodiac sign??
where u goin tonite Lorraine??
what was your spirutal awakening ?
Do you do tarot and you tube full time now?
How did you get started on tarot?
What’s your zodiac sign? I did wonder if you were a Virgo!
What’s your favorite tarot card ya’ll? I love the high priestess
LORAINE?! can you do a beach stone pickup for uS?
Whats your rising sign? :)
are you more one the aqua or sag side of capri sun? or are you all capitahn?
Can you talk about channeling?
Do you do tarot and YouTube full time now?
How do you get into the chanelling mode???
@Alani Tsuritsa did you watch the guidance reading yesterday?
Do you ever have difficulty reading the tarot? I’m frustrated haha
where are you headed?
How do you know your are going through a dark night of the soul?
Do you know how to pray? I can’t seem to find the right words for it, maybe it is my throat chakra that is blocked Geminis are BIG in Communication
are you black ???
if there are any scorpios here, have you seen sassy scorpion tarot? she's perfect for us!
is moon your birth star sign?
How do you feel about tropical astrology?
What’s your view on cancers??
WHERE IS YOUR SOFA FROM?
what happens if you have the same moon as your person?
What’s your Venus sign?
Can we see your cat?? I always hear him on your reading and I’m so curious
i am a lazy potato what motivates you to achieve your dreams???? <3
if you don't know your birth time and can't get it cause you are adopted... how do you find your moon sign? I'm an Aries.
how old are you? if you dont mind me asking
if u have to choose, will u choose ur heart or head?
Do you guys know your Lilith sign?
What’s your twin flame signs?.
What do you recommend for those who don’t have any earth signs?
Hey Hermit Tarot. What advice do you have for someone starting a Tarot Pick a card channel? Thank you
What’s Your TRUE Node (NORTH Node)?
Can you be any cuter ?!
What’s your twin fLame sign placements?
What games are you planning on playing on your console?
Did you have to reduce your guilt to be able to move away or did moving away help dissipate that?
How do you prepare yourself to tap into Spirit in your readings?
what games do You like?
What games do u like?
Will you let us know when you stream? You know we’ll follow you. Do you PC game at all?
whats your sun Sign selene??
how've you been? let us know when the next exciting reading is! :))
Do you have a discord chat?
Can u play any instruments?
Haven't been on insta lately, are you offering personal readings again?
when is your birthday?
do you play the ukulele at the start of your videos?
Do you do any sports?
What!?!? I can't believe this...you're live! I may be late but, I'm so here for this!
Did you have a job/career/study before hermit tarot? (:
Hi I just joined, how are you?
how's this retrograde treating you?
what does your tattoo mean?
what are your placements? your moon?
Do you sing? ( sorry if alrdy asked - Im late lol)
What is your tattoo??
When is your actual birthday?
What’s it mean when there’s a sag full moon and you hav a sag moon?
what are your thoyghts on aries moons??\
@The Hermit Tarot before you go can you give me a advise how to attraced a pisces sun? i am a virgo sun.
Do you believe people take on traits of their Vedic signs?
how old are u?
How do you support or love a Scorpio moon?
Have you looked into degree theory?
do you have a discord?
when will the next q&a in your ig be?
Is the hermit your birth card? Why did you call your channel the hermit tarot
can i suggest next time you do a patreon live, we have to submit our questions beforehand?
Why did you name your channel the hermit tarot? Is the hermit your birth card
Can you do a reading on cusp signs?
can you see hexes while reading tarot?
Will you be doing more lives??
Can you do a reading “do you have psychic abilities?”
Do you follow Alina Alive? She’s great too.
do you believe in twin flames?
hi do u believe in mary magdelene as a spirit guide?
Do u meditate regularly? That help with in
what reading do you plan to do next?? :))
Did you decided to stay in the apartment for another year?
Do you like Italy?
Sam do you like Italy?
How many of you "college friends" are staying another year also?
Do you think you will ever try the Dior airflash? I have been wanting to try it for so long
How was your trip to San Francisco?
Did you go to City Lights Bookstore in SF? That’s my all time fave book store.
Headed to Vegas for a bachlorette party in May! Any place you’d suggest we check out?
Is Chris the one with the big smile in all of your stories? So full of life smile
hey Samantha, have you tried the first aid beauty bump eraser?
what shade of the Dior foundation did you use?
Tell us the story of those crazy guys you and Angie ran into?! Please tell!!!!!
how long does it take you to get to the strip?
Girl tell about those crazy guys you and Angie ran into?!
How did you feel about Angie's brow style on you?
did you see lunar beauty released new lip oils? I'm so excited to try them!!!
did you move to another apartment?
What area are you in?
What is your top current fave foundation (s)??
Sam, did you ever make it up to Mt Charleston before the old lodge burned down?
are you staying in this apartment or finding something new?
Have you looked at Society6?
Will you be buying and doing a review on the new Patrick Ta palette?
Did you have the best time at Sigma? I would suspect that you did, was there any one there that you hadn't meet before?
have you done a video of all your Sigma Beauty products?
Just a little change in subject, was your shirt of Black Pink?
Oh did you get to try the New Sigma powders on the trip? I am so curious about them because their highlighters are my favorite
Are you going to share the names of the winners at the end?
E aí, de onde vocês são? I'm from Brazil. Where are you from? Hello
What are you and Rudee doing tonight?
are you using the glitter again? love
hi where you guys gonna go???
How to get over a guy you haven’t gotten over and it’s been a year?
What you think about the new jaclyn palette with morphe??
How yo get over a guy you haven’t gotten over and a year has passed?
Where is your niece Eileen?
What foundation are you using girl ?
what are you using to blend your foundation?
what are you and Rudee going to do?
Should you go after a guy or wait for him?
A question for Rude. Should you go after a guy or wait for him??
what's your favorite way to do your eyebrows?
Did you like the dewy elf concealer?
How did you two meet??? I wanna hear your love story lol
Did you ever get her Make Up ?? Selena's ?? I waited 10 hrs in line it was so worth it !!
would you and rudy ever have more kids and if yall did how would yall feel if it was twins?
Rudee will you be doing more coupon videos lol?
How do you like the huda contour you’re using?
What contour you using?
What do you think about the born this way foundation ?? I know it’s old but I got it today finally lol
What foundation do you recommend for oily skin ?? Love watching your videos
Girl how do you put on thick band eyelashes? i have cute ones but I look like a caterpillar lol
Are you guys doing a nothing state to state vacation this summer?
i have a question for both of you, what your favorite mexican traditional dish???
Hola Chika, What are your thoughts on born this way foundation for combo skin ?
Are you guys doing another state to state vacation again?
When are you coming back to Texas?
this question is for both whats your favorite traditional mexican dish?????
How have you been doing with your anxiety?
What’s on your eyes ?
If was my husband I’d approach him. You’re married. WTH??
Are you guys going out tonight?
Any advise on how to spark your marriage/relationship? Especially if you have been with that person for more than 5 years
What made you realize Alexis was the one? And what initially drew you to her?
What name do you go by? What does rudee call you? I dk if I should call you Alexis or jayda
where do u get ur big spondge?
how often should u go on date nights without kids? I feel guilty when I leave my child with a babysitter..
What are your favorite things about Alexis?
what lipgloss your wearing???
Lex do you believe the whole saying once a cheater always a cheater??
Are you gonna review the jaclyn hill volume 2 palette ???
what eyeliner are u using?
Will you be doing another tour soon?
Do you want anymore babies ?
are you going to do another "tour" ?? I missed you in Austin last yr
What was the video you did with the ring on a string or Something that said you were going to have another kid?
Are you guys still into fitness?
Are you guys still planning on moving out of state ?
Are you going to be getting the Jaclyn pallet?
1st time ever catching ur live, what happened to coco?
How long did your nails stay on after you filed them first?
I just joined in. Where you going? Or just doing your makeup for fun
how do you get the make up from ur nose to not separate ?? if that makes sense.
are u still a fan of patrick starr??
will you be updating about your ghost story?
Are you still working on your house ?
What kind of lashes would you recommend for smaller eyes ? Brand/style?
I just joined in. Where you going?
*Random* Are you still having paranormal activity happening in your house?
would you do a makeup collection ?
What state would you move too ?
What state would you move too ? #ARIZONA
Are you from Texas ?
can you do a video on ur anxiety drepession??
Wish I could meet u in person meet and greet?
What’s your all together favorite makeup brand??
Happy Valentines Day!! Love your shirt as well as you. quick question if i have never worn eyelashes whats the best ones i can get?
If you were to start a cosmetics line what would be your first product?
Can you review the jacklin hill vol 2 palette ?
Where you guys going to eat out at !?
Are you from Texas?
do you think being in my 50's is too old to be a make up youtuber?
DID YOU GO TO COSMETOLOGY SCHOOL??
Is it hard to talk to a camera when your reviewing products?
Do you declutter your eyeshadow palettes?
who was the first company to ever send you pr?
Do you have Corona?
Do you diffuse oils for your anxiety?
What time is it where you guys are at?
you about to head out to the corner to make your money huh?
Where are you going boo?
How’s the weather where you live?
yaaas!! Alexis husband & i enjoy listening to your stories and he'll ask any stories from Alexis? lol
Can you make entomatadas ??? I would love to know so I can learn lol
are you planning on having more babies? btw your babies are adorable.
Where's ur dream vacation ?
are you coming to Maryland any time soon????
what happened to those liquid lipsticks you were selling? I found out waaay late and I wanted Caca lol
quien es mas enojon you or rudee?
can you do an Amazon favs video?
are u going to go out with your hubby tonight??
did your husband plan something special today?
Where did you get the Selena shirt???
Did you get any new makeup for the holiday?
Are you still doing a video on 2018 makeup empties?
Can you say hi Lay lay?
are you mad at lay?
Can you do a Q&A? Vid
u got any furs?
Are you team novachi?
Are u team novachii?
Can you call Jeremiah?
Wait are you team Jailani??
Can you say "Hola" in Spanish, please?
Do you actually like Jeremiah?
Hiiiiiiii what other primer do you use??????
do you speak spanish?
Why is your tv playing nothing?
Is you and nova cool?
Is you and Lonnie? Cool
Can you not feel more funny videos of y'all?Arguing on is funny and I like to watch it
You know, be back to your Latin minute, okay?So bye
Can I tell you something girl?
Can I tell you something?
Do you watch stranger things?
what are you watching?
Are u mad at jerimiah? U should be
Can you please give me a shout out?
Yo no estaba listening to the hair. How are you?
How how did Lil Pennywise just come to your door?
Why are you asking if Jenna vapes?
What is your favorite song and the movie?
Are those your real lashes? And I don’t have emojis anymore so I can’t add a pink heart
Can you last screen it with the Jasper boys?If you go with them or if you see them
Can you please shout me out?
Do you like Jeremiah?
do you like stray kids and are you a stay?!
Do you have a problem?
Are you actually mad at jeramiah or is it just for content that you hate kd ?
It’s our b-day can you do it? We’re having a party right now. We’re just dancing. Can you give us a shout out? Our names are Nora and Eva.
Can you please shout me out? I love your channel.
Can you make me mod please?
What is you member?
What is your name?
are you reading the chat??
Have you watched Stranger Things?
Do you know the Jasper boy?
It’s my birthday can you shout out?
Do you know what purple drank is?
Do you know what purple drank is?Do you know what purple drank is?
Do you know who the Jasper boys are?
are u doing your makeup??
Can you make me MOD PLEASE?
Girllll you like black men don’t you!?
OK, everybody stop putting a Hate comments cause nobody wants to Hear. You putting I hate cause literally why you watching live like girl by?
hii, can i sugest u a song??
Do you know, Jeremiah?
Can you shout me out? Can you shout me out? Can you shout me out? Can you shout me out? Can you shout me out?
Why are you getting ready at night?
where do u get ur lashes from?
Where u get ur lashes from?
Where u going Jenna?? u getting all fancy
where u get ur lashes from?
Do you still like Jeremiah?
Why do you guys always have to do drama?
What’s your fav color?
GIRLLLLLLLLLLLLL where do you get the lashes ?
where ur lashes from?
Where ur lashes from?
Jedi, can you please shout out me?
Can you please Collab with me?
Are you and Jeremiah friends or no?
y tf do all chicks on the internet talk like they are black? ur white, ur are 100% ashamed
What’s your favorite singer?
are you related to a westyn Lewis?
What’s your favorite ice cream and what’s your favorite color?
When were you born?
Who's your fave singer ?
can you shout me out? My name is Simarya
Can you say ‘shout out Mari’ ?
Who sing could you sing? I meant to say, but my name is Brooklyn and I have a YouTube channel. It is Brooklyn Jackson with the
Can you please say ‘shout out Mari’ ?
What do I have to do for you to make me MOD?
Do you like jerimiya ?
Can you shout out aria please?
do you know one of the Jasper boys cause you look like Jenna?
Can you do me?
When are you guys gonna make a new drama video?
What are you making up for ?
Can you say my name my name is Layla?
I'm sorry, if I'm annoying you but do you think you can make me MOD ?
r u a christain??
What's your fave show ????
Can you say lay lay?
WHY do you speak like that!?!?!
I have a question. How do you confess to someone?
Whos your fave singer ?????
Workout routine? If you have one
Do you know, Katie and Jeremiah?
Can you shout out? Laylay
Hey, it’s my birthday and can you give me a shout out and guess what? How old is Jarvis on 11?
Can you give me a shout out? It’s my birthday and how old is Jace?
are you a man or a Mouse?
Can you give me a shout out and tell Jairo that I’m a big fan?
Can you say Hey Justin please?
Do you know what a therian is?
why dont u buy a lip liner?
where are you from?
Can you say my name? A’Laya
Are you still in high school?
Who’s your best friend?
Do you still do skin care?
Can you say my name? Dunya
Do you still love, Jeremiah?
where are u from?
Can you say my name?Dunya
can you give me a shout out? Today is my birthday
What’s your favorite song?
what's your fav football team???
Who is your favorite Pokémon?
Can you please can you answer my question can you say my name?Dunya
What’s your favorite thing to do in life?
Can you please tell me a way how to put my nails on?
What are you doing?
Is Malachi your Bestie?
Jenna, do you like Jeremiah?
hey, can I tell you something?
Can you say Bailey?
Are the Jenna and you still like Jeremiah?
Can you say Bailey??
Can you say hi Maddie?
can you say hi Kenzie?
What’s your name though?
Do you know the Jasper Boyz?
Can you say hi Ava please?
How did you go live? I want to go live but but I can’t
Is it dog time in your place?
Do you est chicken?
Mom is that you?
Did you get a new phone?
what are you getting ready for today?
Would you recommend that for oilier skin types?
Hello Michele how are you doing today?
How is the Sisley hair serum working for you?
Does it make your hair grow thicker?
have you got any plans for today? what look are you going for?
Would you mind retiring the word “pounce” in regards to blending foundation? You’re too intelligent for that!
Do you use any serums for your hair?
Did you try The YSL All Hours Concealer?
I know it's not your skin type but would you have a recomm for a primer for (very) oily skin ?
Have you ever met a luxury designer in person?
Would you mind retiring the word “pounce” in regards to blending foundation? You’re too intelligent for that! Let’s start a movement.
Katie are you serious?
If you had a Chanel artist do your makeup what would you want Michele?
Which powder do you prefer? The la parie one or the la met
what is the one time your absolutely favourite brand does you wrong?
Do your remember Ultima II makeup line?
are you into astrology??
And can you have a section in your blog with all your up to date favorites in a bunch of categories?
Do you like the cpb high lighter? I loved it very much.
Do you like the Marc Jacobs bronzer? How is it compared to Tom Ford?
I know you love your Tom Ford Brow gel(!). if you're familiar with the Benefit Gimme Brow at all, how would you say they compare?
Aska Lemuralia Why didn't you want the mid one? Velvet Ribbon would look great on you too
Are you gonna try the Chikuhodo sakura?
How do you feel about Hakuhodo brushes? Looking to place an order this week but wanted your take
Do you like the suqqu brush? Most of the products they have are great!
Michele, Michele, please look this way! Hello from Dallas! I always wanted to ask you: what was the most luxurious make up PACKAGING you’ve ever experienced?
Have you ever tried anything from Suqqu? Most of their products are very nice.
Is it bothering you that handle's little shaky?
Hi Michele what age did you first get into makeup? I’m 13 and I love it.
How do you feel about Hakuhodo brushes? xx
When are you doing your night skincare routine?
How was your time with RICH LUX???
do you use Chanel foundation?
Have you tried la prairie foundation?
I am so jealous you are going to JAPAN soon! What are you planning to get in Japan?
You are going to Japan ??? That’s really pretty
As someone with eczema prone skin, what ingredients do you avoid in makeup and skincare?
What do you think of it cosmetic cc cream: your skin but better? Have you tried it?
Hi Michele I was wondering when will you do tour evening skincare routine? By the way love your Chanel
yes, would you do the Scott Barnes snatural makeup look on you on an out of your comfort zone video? :)
Are you planning to live in LAS for a while? or any plan for moving in about a few years?
You lived by the Pepsi cola sign?? So cool!
Do you have a favorite makeup artist? Sorry if you already mentioned this.
Yes! What are your fave makeup artists Michele?
Do you plan topics for future videos? Mainly curious when you’ll do an updated fave brush video and your evening skincare.
You are going ? To Japan ?
What mascaras are you picking up at the Nordstrom sale this weekend?
How long will you be in Japan?
You might need one more brush like Blending brush?
If you can only afford one natasha eyeshadow palette which one would you pick?
Will you post what brushes you do end up bringing? Curious what your must haves are!
Are you planning to do a vlog in Japan?
Wait. You are going to Japan ? And getting brushes !?? I’m dying so jealous
How long did it take for you to see the difference on your hair after using the Sisley scalp serum? I used two bottles and didn't see a difference.
Michele are you planning to do an evening skincare routine?
Are you ordering the Pat McGrath foundation?
Have you tried Sydney Grace shadows? She is having xmas in July this week
Are you on Pat McGrath PR list? Will you review her foudation and powder?
how long can you use a eyepalette?
Hey :) do you have tried the decorte ipshoot eyecream ? Very amazing
Michele, could you please lip swatch the BOND NO 9 lipstick in SOHO in one of your next videos? How do you like the quality of these lipsticks?
Have you tried May lindstrom youth dew? i bought it during their promo
What brush cleaner do you use?
Ditto, what is your favorite brush brand?
what microphone do you use?
What is your preferred brush brand?
Yes what are your favorite brushes?
Michele what brush cleaner do you use for a deep clean not just a spray clean?
where is your doggy??
What are your preferred brushes?
Yay! I made it! Hello Michele I'll watch the beginning later. Did you use the new brushes?
I have to check out your channel Pauline - it is under your name? like on here
which brush did you use for your upper eyelid lining?
TS what language were you typing here?
What mic and camera do you use @Michele Wang please?
Question: Is there a reason you like to focus on luxury makeup rather than drugstore/highend etc? Personal preference or previous experience? Would love to know!
Hi! So happy I caught your live session. Have you ever tried Wayne Goss brushes? I’m thinking of trying them out.
Forgive me if you answered this question but do you plan on getting the new Chikuhodo Sakura brushes?
What’s your fav step in makeup?
have you ever tried individual lashes?
Julie Russel - so you have a channel?
What palette would you suggest for my first ND purchase @Michele Wang ?
Hi Michele, what are you doing in NY?
Still here When will you post your video with the new Pat McGrath base products?
where can you buy it from?
I’m back. Michele where in your yellow bracelet from?
Whats your favorite pallette color?
Where did you get it?
how old did you turn?
What kind of ring are you wearing? It looks so pretty
How are you going to pick the winners for your giveaway?
Who are your favourite beauty gurus?
what camera do you use to film?
Hey Vianney! Do you use a mic too?
whats your favorite color?
whats your favorite color??
What’s a good setting powder you would highly recommend?
what's your favorite matte liquid lip?
your my favorite youtuber! what makeup tips do u recommend for a beginner when doing eyeshadow??
Did you ever visit Austin???
What’s a good setting powder you highly recommend?
wheres your favorite matte liquid lip??
if you could live anywhere, where would it be?
where do you like shopping? For clothes or food?
have you ever been to the wax museum?
I see you travel a lot. have you ever been to canada?
Have you ever met any celebrities???
do you have family in NY or did you come to NY for fun... or both lol ?
what's your go to matte liquid lip?
It’s Wednesday why aren’t you wearing pink???
Do you have a bucket list?
Makeup brand you highly recommend?
How are you that pretty with no makeup?
What’s your favorite thing to do?
are you excited for the desi x katy round 2 collection!?
do you have a job outside of youtube?
are you going to bed after this full face of makeup ?? lol
i want fuego highlight! what are you planning on getting!?
is youtube your job or do you work another job???
Do you use most of the Jaclyn brushes?
if u had to choose one brand what would it be?
so the JH brushes i know you made the video but do you still think the whole brush collection is worth it ?
will you be reviewing the conceal & define foundation from makeup revolution?
What affordable brushes do you recommend other then morphe brushes?
is youtube your job or do you have another job??
is youtube your job or do you have another job besides youtube?
Did you see the new Huda mini palettes ? The green one is
What look are you going for today???
Most expensive piece of makeup you have????
Are you thinking about getting the gingerbread palette?
is youtube your job or do you have another job?????????
how old are you?
any info about your lipstick/lashes? im trying to wait patiently
Can you try out shophush makeup, specifically the palettes?
what are your favorite shows on netflix?
you should do a giveaway on that the lipstick and lashes?
are you gonna do a giveaway on the lip stick and lashes?
Drug store recommendations for primer for dry skin? P.S.HELL YEAH on your upcoming colab!
will your collab be affordable?
Have you ever gone to Paris?
do you watch keeping up with the kardashians?
are you getting ready for anything in particular?!
How many kids would you like?
Hey beautiful What would you recommend for a primer and matte foundation?
who are your favorite youtubers right now?
if you could make a video with a makeup guru, who would it be??
Hey gorgeous!! What part of Mexico are you from?? I’m always so curious when I come across fellow Mexican youtubers! Lol
did you watch bachelor in paradise?
omg what do you think about the Jordan and jenna drama?!
Would you ever come by Ontario ca??
Have you watched any Netflix shows?
have you ever watched switched at birth?
What would you recommend for primer and matte foundation?
do you liek telenovelas?
Vianney what is your favorite eyeshadow brand at the moment?
How old are you?
Did you watch el dandy! Or the pilot?!?
do you like chipotle??
Would you ever come by Ontario ca?????
did you watch titanic?
Did you like rebelde??? I feel like I’m the only Mexican that didn’t like that show lol
Do you play video games?
what pallete are you using??
Do you and Wyatt live together?
What brush are you using?
why you fat shaming the poor kitty?lol
are you ready for fall?!?
are those antlers on your wall? do yall hunt?
whay are you using to film your live??
who is the cook in the relationship? you or your fiance?
WHAT DO YOU HAVE ON YOUR NAILS?!
Any break up advice ? (After they hurt you)
Do you know any place where you can buy filming cameras for cheap?
Where has your brother been at?
what are you using right now to film the live?
Would you ever be able to do a college make up tutorial ?! Quick get out of bed make up routine .
are you excited for new Colourpop Disney Collection ??
Girl what do you have on your nails? I need that polish!
Your makeup is going great already !! is that you go to look every day ??
Have you tried dip nail?
Any new holiday releases you are excited for?
If you had an opportunity to choose what brand to collaborate with, what brand would that be??
Have you heard about the wet n wild fire and ice collection and would you do a first impression on it?
are you a bts fan?
did you finish watching Vampire Diaries?
have you heard of the wet n wild fire and ice collection and would you do a first impression on it?
are you a bts fan???
are you a bts fan????
are you a bts fan??
Can you give us specific details on each product you’ll come out with? I know there will be lashes, but what else?
What’s your favorite Mexican song ??
Do you listen to Spanish music? If so who is your favorite?
What’s your favorite Mexican song??
Specific details on the products you’ll come out with? I know you’ll be having lashes, but what else?
What do you think about jacklyn hill being exposed??
Besides lashes, what products will your collab consist of?
Besides lashes what other products will your collab consist of?
Where can we dm you???
If you would have to choose one make up product that you have to have for the rest of your life what will it be ?
where do you live?
why'd you take your extensions off?
What if we don’t have any social media and would like to dm you????
We should do a you rather on the lice chat?
Do you like CNCO ??
why'd you take your eyelash extensions off?
can you put on a Gerard cosmetics liquid lip?
Do you have a PO Box ? I keep spamming lol sorry it’s awesome how you can interact with us not many YouTubers do this and actually respond love
whatttt? u speak spanish,thats amazing i love your channel!!
Advice on how to grow your channel?! I have been struggling and I just can’t grow my channel
Do you have a PO Box ?
What age when you started doing makeup for first time?
How long did u attend school?
Do you know the new amazing highlighter called 'fubam umbo'??
What mascara you recommend that actually will lift my brows ... any tips ? Squad any rec?
What’s your favorite ice-cream ?
What made you start this Channel ? Is there someone who influencers ?
What’s your decor style?
What’s your fav meal?
how do you feel about people coming for ariana grande after mac miller’s death?
Can you recommend a good bronzing brush ?
Any new holiday makeup releases that you are excited about?
Did you buy the whole brush collection?
Omg are you doing vlogmas?!?!
Have you ever worn an unused plastic garbage bag as clothing?
Hey honey! Any new holiday makeup releases that you are excited about?
Will you ever make any videos about wearing them?
What straightener do u use?
What's your Favourite Netflix show / series at the moment?
i’m sorry i’m very late on this topic but have you ever tried the koke fan brush for your bronzer?? because it’s amazing
What’s your favorite color ?
Are there any new holiday makeup releases that you are excited about?
what do you do for holloween any parties? what is your costume this year going to be
What you’ll be in Halloween ??
Are you tired of sitting?
When will your next live be?
What primer and matte foundation would you recommend for sensitive skin?????????
What primer and matte foundation would you recommend for sensitive skin and full coverage?????
Yo what up MM? What up chat? Like the stream as u come in
You watched that game 4? Congrats, that was a heck of a game.
Medium man Random Question, you suní Muslim?
do they love you Long time ?
MM u mean this strong & independent kween put out something that wasn't true? what in the PhD & black eyed peas is going on here brother?
"You mad at breakfast? "
How did you like Portugal? I had it on my dream sheet at one time but got selected for Elmendorf instead (I absolutely loved that place).
@Dontae Bryant I think we talked about this before, but are you an Israelite?
Hi nice Glory! What are you making? Give my love to the boys.
anti u be igbo?
Sis. Monique, how you feeling?
Ms. Webb, howdy are you today?
Glory what products do you use? ur skin looks sooo FRESH I swear
Hi NurseGlory. How are you doing?
your view on Indians?
why are you racist?
could you sustain with your monthly income?
are you in your home?
do you use whatsapp?
how is there development? are you live in a city village?
do you believe in ghost? if there exist any incident please tell
which U-149 member are you? take the quiz!
AH AH AH CAN YOU HEAR US ROSEMI? HOW IS IT GROWING
Growing good, how about you? □
what you're eating ?
Can you order a Bloomin' Onion for the table, Wosemi?
You woke up one day and went SHINYYYY?
Who are your oshis from both franchises? :Oc
didn't rosepapa compared you to nico?
Have you SEEN your intro?
Are you stoked for Genjitsu no Yohane??
who's your favorite girl in LL?
do you watch U149?
Hey Wose, you're watching U149? who's your fave?
Did you start following since Muse?
Which Love Live series did you start with?
How are you ROSEMI SAMA???
did you play the og game?
Did you play SIF?
Did you watch AKB0048?
other than snow halation, what u's song do you like most?
are you watching idolm@ster U149 this season?
Hello there Rosemi :D I’m new here I’ve seen clips of u and I’ve listened to black out before but haven’t watched a stream yet, how are you doin?
dont you usually like the protag?
Would you rather be an idol or remain an idol fan?
have you listen to blueberry train by kotori? its really good
do you celebrate their birthdays irl?
was that the same friend who drew art of you?
are you sure you weren't in there literature club?
Which one is most like your friend who always drew you? □□□
Did you ever read the Metal Gear Solid and Love Live crossover?
i know this is a love live talk and this is a bit sacrilegious to ask but do you like bang dream too rosemi?
Which LL group is your favorite? Mine is Aquors.
Did you do a pilgrimage to the beach where they made the Aquors name too?
were you there for the aquors update in game?
have you seen the newest upcoming forbidden/limited for yugioh MD?
did you hear after school navigators?
What are your fave outfits?
Whats some songs you can never get tired of? It's like Happy Party Train for me
What do you think of U149?
rosemi have you play love live school idol festival?
Any chance one of your future outfits will have heavy Love Live influence? :O
you were gatekeeping again!?
who's your favorite in Niji and Liella?
do you do your Rubesty?
Rosemi-sama are you gonna watch the new Sunshine anime? it's fantasy themed and it looks cool
Can you say shinyyyy for us Cutesemi? Pretty pleaaaase?
Aren't you a chuuni character?
Have you seen the dub of dias episode?
Are you looking forward to the Sunshine In The Mirror this summer?
were you there when the games added aquors?
do you love the nijigasaki solo songs from years ago?
Did you talk about Mia Taylor yet?
can you do the Rina greeting?
did you watch the anime for niji?
did you like ayumu bun bun?
u dont like kasumi?!?!□□
I'm sure you answered it, but which of the 3 is your favorite from the main groups?
Your hair looks like cotton candy too. Can I have a bite?
Rosemi-sama can you help me settle a argument, what color is Hanamaru's hair?
did you see the members for the subunits??
have you heard about the fantasy themed love live featuring Yohane coming out next season?
Did you wash your Kinako?
Welcome back Lord Rosemi-Sama! □ Did You wash Barashite Rose Me?□
You can fix her?
Did you ever play the OG arcade games, Rosemi?
are you a fan of the makoto-yukiho pairing?
you have another favorite ship?
how many Chihaya plushies do you have?
Have you ever read or watched Puchimasu or not?
who is your cinderella oshii?
are you watching U149?
Have you watched cinderella firls?
Rosemi have you looked into Shiny Colors at all?
have you seen her unique figure?
Do you like sae kobayakawa ?
What attribute would you be in Idolm@ster?
Have you watched the new U149 anime that's currently out?
How do you feel about the current Idolm@ster anime?
you could call Pomu too i guess?
which unvoiced idols do you like the most?
Did you see the new Million Live trailer that came out this morning? Looks great!
do you like any unvoiced ones?
Have you seen the Shiny Colors x 30MS model kits that are coming out??, mah gawd
Is Rosemi-sama, Kaho? Are you on the side of justice? □
did you play starlit season?
any songs recomendations from the top of your head?
have you been watching U149??
did you see the Idolm@ster Vtuber who debuted recently? They also covered Overmaster, its great
Would you say yes Rosemi?
Any other idol anime you watch? Aikatsu! is actually my all-time fave series
have you watched any of revue starlight?
Have you seen bang dream or d4dj?
WHO'S YOUR FAVORITE VOICE ACTRESS VOICING ANY OF THESE IDOLS, ROSEMI-SAMA?
You gonna finish that strawberry drink?
you ate the cup too?
You ate the cup?!
Are you gonna finish the table?
Rosemi eats glass. What's your excuse?□
You Ate the Plate!?!
Rosemi, can you eat the diner?
Damn, how hungry are you Rosemi?
will you eat us too?
It was all a stage in your room??□
Can you eat your room?
This was just a set in your usual room???
You sure you arent the thief here?
You have 50 catchphrase? Say it rn!
OMG you were? so cute
B, do u need someone to talk to?
Hey Rory, I’m sorry for you loss. How do you deal with a anxious/avoidant cycle?
Do and Donts when you just start dating?
Hey rory, did u hang those curtains?
Can you explain what comes under emotional cheating?
it's massively helpful if you check the right platform for the stream. Who knew?
Are there any breakup scenarios that have a greater chance of reconciliation in your experience?
Are there any reasons for breakup that have a greater chance of reconciliation in your experience?
Is it normal to miss your ex while dating someone new? Don't want to screw up my chances with anyone new I'm seeing.
Is it normal to feel depressed in missing your ex while dating someone new? Don't want to screw up my chances with anyone new I'm seeing.
Rory how are you brotha?
How do you deal with a narcissistic sister who brain washes her kids? Should I remove them from my life?
Hi Rory, which other dating and break up youtube channel's advice do you trust?
Not to be rude or nosey but did your ex fiancée every reach out to you after?
What are your thoughts on a high school breakup? Both love each other but ended cause of college. Is there any chance it happens again???????
Is it weird that the best relationship advice is actually being upfront with your intentions, and being present with your partner? I hate dating games.
Is it weird that the best relationship advice is actually just being upfront with your intentions, and being present with your partner? P.S. I hate immature dating games.
Is it weird that the best relationship advice is actually just being upfront with your intentions, and being present with your partner?
how do i find you on twitch?
is no contact bad if your ex has a fear of abandonment? I think she's resentful now.
R- Have u ever had ex s who share the same bday?
Most of your videos sound like they break up to be alone but my ex left me FOR someone else....do the same principles apply?
Hi Rory what is the main reason to not reach out to your ex?
hey rory, how do you know if your ex is waiting for you to contact them?
Have you and DG ever considered to do a livestream together? that would be so much fun haha love u both
Can u rebuild attraction with an ex that's lost interest in you?
Do you believe in attachment styles?
do you know how DG looks?
Can you do the rest of this chat in a British accent?
@Air Bubble 15 months? Are you working on yourself and getting any stronger?
Rory wich episode of Spongebob you like the most? I need to know
Can you send us your current playlist Rory?
Should I remove pictures of my ex or should I keep them? Would it ruin your chances
Also what are your thoughts on the channel Masculine Energy?
what are your thoughts on deleting social media after a break up?
Is no contact a good move when you are being bredcrome by someone who you are trying to date?
I'll talk to you all I want Tommy. Maybe you need a night off chat?
Hand banana do names hurt your fee fees?
@Cott Fucious don't you know how to change your display name? Go read a manual.
you dance around thinking about Paul and Stephen?
my ex conacted me during no contact she said "i hate you" what do i doo????
thanks guys rory what should i do??? if my ex told me i hate you while in no contact????
(the kid was his) s. Are you the rebound?
What would you say if nothing was wrong in the relationship, but he said he did not have an "indescribable feeling" for me compared to 2 last relationships?
my ex texted me while no contact saying i hate you...you always say to reply but idk if i should?
what does it mean when your ex's new fling looks JUST LIKE you?
my ex texted me while no contact saying "i hate you"...you always say to reply but idk if i should?
ex texted me while no contact saying i hate you...you always say to reply but idk if i should?
Are you the rebound if they were 6 months out of a 13 year relationship?
Why would your ex’s rebound relationship seem to be a down grade?
what if your ex says they only see you as a friend?
Rory what is your thoughts on emotional cheating?
How do you get your ex interested in you again?
will being in a rebound relationship really help you move on?
My ex said “hey, how are you” at 10:45 pm. Kinda late I figured and that she was just checking in. Thoughts?
Hi Rory, thank you for answering the first question. What if your ex returns to her ex boyfriend who she was with for longer than you?
what if your ex leaves you for someone else?
Do you still have a chance if they blocked you Facebook but not Instagram?
If you have been with someone for 13 years, will that make them reach out more likely?
Can you get your ex back if you think you could have been the rebound?
My ex said “hey, how are you” and that she was just checking in. It was a 10:45pm text, kinda late. Thoughts?
Why does your ex’s rebound seem to be a down grade?
What if your ex gets back with her ex who she’s been with for longer?
what if they left you because they thought they had feelings for someone else, but only came to life after we broke up?
Is it ever ok to break no contact when you feel like you are ready to start talking to your ex without being too emotionally reactive to them?
Is it ever ok to break no contact when you feel like you are ready to start talking to your ex without being too emotionally reactive to them??
rory I would like to hear your story and break up. are you going to do a video about that?
Do you primarily deal with just break ups? Or any “relationship” issue?
After a while you realize that's a waste of time suffering for someone else. agree rory?
do you feel that the same rules of no contact, communication, etc. work equally well between couples with a significant age difference? with regards to maturity, life experience, etc.
how do you not lose hope two months into no contact?!?!?!?
How did it feel when you denied your ex after all that pain and suffering you went through?
hi rory, we ghosted each other after a fight, two months ago for a 3 years relationship ? what do u think about that !
do you think exes forget things like engagements or living together?
is it ok to reach out when you are ready or do you have to wait for them to reach out?
Will your Ex reach out a second time? Even while in a relationship?
Rory do you do phone sessions?
When is it time to let go especially if your ex is in a rebound/a new relationship?
Do you like watches? if so, what are your favourite brands?
Can you tell us the reason why we should keep no contact even after dumper reaches out to us ?
hi rory can you do more videos about rebound relationship? tnx
Can you tell us future topics coming up?
can you do videos on breakups that happened two years ago or longer? will there still be a chance?
do you like watches? if so what brands do you like?
If you are not done working on yourself to help the relationship and they reach out what should you do?
Whats your opinion on exes who deliberately try to make you jealous?
Just curious: is it true that they come back when you move on?
does that mean if they don't reach out, they dont miss you?
Does your ex really think about us? she broke up with me 2 months ago we were together 6 years our relationship was great
Can i have your playstation username?
Do you agree that even at your best, you'll never be right for the wrong person but even at your worst, the right person will remind you of your worth?
​Rory what would u do ?: should i wait for him to have a new girlfriend to finally move on and give up ?
Do you agree that even at your best, you'll never be right for the wrong person but even at your worst, the right person will remind you of your worth??
How do you know when no contact didn't work?
but how do you love yourself?
worry when you and your ex broke up did you know in your gut that they would be back?
why would an Ex reach out on Social Media, But then tries to hide from you in Public?
What would you say about dumper, how hard it is for them to admit they were wrong?
why would an Ex reach out via Social Media, But tries to hide from you while in Public?
Rory, did you know in your gut that your ex would come back after they broke up with you?
Thoughts on drunk calls from your ex?
Do you love Harry Potter? OMG !
Why would an Ex reach out via Social Media, but seems to try and hide from you while out in Public?
do you like watches?
why would an Ex reach out Via Social Media, and yet hides from you while in Public?
why would an ex's best friend unfriend you on social media two years after the breakup?
My ex called me a few weeks ago and didn’t say anything when she called yet hung up after 20 seconds...what do you think about this?
is a rebound relationship can help forget your ex and help to move on?
if your ex is dating someone for 6months now, is it time to let go completely? she's reached out a multiple of times after no contact.
my ex told me to leave her alone and to move on, do you think its officially over? we were together 6 years, been 2m onths
What can you say about an ex who tries desperately not to be alone? I mean spending all her free time with friends.
How to know when an ex misses you?
do you have any videos on meeting new people?
Should you be honest and tell your ex boyfriend which you left the truth on how you feel or would you look like a fool?
What phone do you use/have?
Where do you draw the line between mind reading and bread crumbs?
did you make any videos on meeting new people?
Can you make a video about meeting new people?
how long would you consider a breakup being fresh?
how do you prepare yourself for when they start seeing someone else? I know it's coming
​​Rory what would u do ?: should i wait for him to have a new girlfriend to finally move on and give up ?
Rory how old are you?
what are your thoughts on getting back together when there is an age difference of over a decade?
Rory, if your ex show care for you then when you care for her she blocks you what does it mean?
How can you coach me?
why would an ex's best friend block you after two years after the breakup?
Is clean slate message a good idea after you been clingy and pushy?
what if you occasionally still speak and they're hot and cold?
@Trudeau Is Lame -> What are you on about? [stop spamming caps] [warning]
when an ex unblocks you after NC for 4 months, does this mean they are indifferent to you now?
​when an ex unblocks you after NC for 4 months, does this mean they are indifferent to you now?
What is your zodiac sign Rory?
rory, have you ever taken someone back after they dumped you?
if an ex blocked you, an an effort for us to both move on and hey have unblocked you after 4 months. does this mean they are indifferent?
Which datingcoaches will you recomend?
Do you think men move on faster than women?
First stream Rory! How are you man?
What is your opinion about the Nice Guy Syndrome? Do you plan to do a video about it?
..He said he doesn't want me as a friend even and I suffocate him. Do you think he'd ever want to be my friend? i just miss my best friend.
Can you please talk about coping mechanisms in the long term? 8 months NC and it still hurts
Have you ever thought of doing an interview with a dumper and make a video about their experience?
Can you please talk about coping mechanisms in the long term? 8 mths
If they leave you for their ex, will they come back?
do you agree with the saying, "once a cheater always a cheater?"
@YAN HUANG Have you started the work on working on yourself rather than counting how long your ex has gone NC?
Can you please talk about coping mechanisms in the long term? 8 months
Have you ever thought of making a video where you interview dumpers and get their experience?:
how will the cheater prevent what they did in the future? how do you know somebody never cheated? why should they be honest if you ask while dating?
How to deal with the conclusion you were a convenience instead of a priority after a relationship of 7 years where you gave your all...?
How do you rate Craig Kenneth as a coach? Apart from him being really expensive
why do EXes like all your photos on Instagram?
Rory, how do you get over codependency?
Btw i would love to draw you a picture as a thank you for being a great human! Do you have something you particularly like? (After exams)
Have you ever thought of making a video interviewing dumpers and get their experiences?
@marcelpagnol90 We try not to let people mind read okauy? Stay in NC and work on yourself in time you'll be super new version of yourself"
How do you deal with an ex that you have kids with?
Hey Rory what should you do if your ex unfollowed you on social media during NC months after the breakup?
Inattentiveness is usually a sign of low attraction, but what if your ex suffers from ADD?
Does the “handwritten” accountability letter or email ever work? Even if you took her for granted. It’s been 6 months and I’ve done a lot of self improvement.
@Cryptic Throne How many times did she cheat on you and where are you from???
Do you think quarantine could affect a persons decision on breaking up a relationship?
In your opinion can it turn around?
Hey Rory, what should you do if your ex unfollowed you during your time in NC months after you dumped them after she gave you the LJBF speech?
Have you ever thought of making a video interviewing dumpers and getting their experiences?
Any idea why an ex would randomly block you a full month after no contact?
how do you survive psychopath (narcissist) abuse?
Any idea why an ex would randomly block you on Facebook a full month after consistent no contact?
Hey Rory, I’m currently in NC for 5 months and recently my ex unfollowed me on IG after I dumped her what are your thoughts on this?
what if you dumped someone for mistreatment. will no contact work if you are the dumper? thanks
Hey Rory, what DAW and VST plugins do you use for audio processing?
How do you think quarantine could affect someone’s decision on breaking up? if there is even a way it could affect someone’s decision on BU
@Cryptic Throne I'm trying to help you by asking you before how many times did your ex CHEAT on you and where are you from?
Any idea why an ex would randomly block you on Facebook after a full month of consistent no contact? I don't understand
If he said he never loved you as much as his first ex? He broke up with saying he had no romantic feelings...could this still change?
Any idea why an ex would randomly block you on Facebook after a full month of consistent no contact? I don't understand Thanks Rory.
What would you say are the common types of lowered attraction? I know it doesn’t deal with just physical.
can you attract someone that seems uninterested?
if you had good reason for ending a relationship...will no contact work if your the dumper??
Hi Rory, if someone doesnt respect you in a relationship, is that respect gone for good. Could it ever be gained back?
Hi Rory, I have a question, how do you think quarantine would affect someone’s decision on breaking up with someone?
Would you re-follow an ex On Instagram after going no contact for 5 months? When we see each other outside we’re polite to each other.
Why would an ex try to hurt you and make you jealous? Are they not over you? Even if it’s been a year?
if you have good reason for ending a relationship....will no contact work if your the dumper???
My ex hooked up with me and brought up the fact she is not seeing anyone, after two days I saw her dating a dude...what’s your take? Is it cheating?
@Xiu-Lei Eklöv Hi are you young? It's just a short thing, be good to yourself and be strong.
Can you respond to my comment Rory ?
Not a dating question, but have you played any good games recently and thoughts on Mando season 2?
@Sister Anastasia How long were you together for?
How do you have difficult conversations ? I often don’t have the courage
What if you pushed her to make a decision because shes acting cold and confused? Should i approach her after sometime or wait?
@Charbel maroun Hani What's your question?
@Sister Anastasia and how long since your break up? Are you the dumper or the dumpee?
Rory why does rejection breed obsession in human beings? Just curious and see if you have any strategies besides self worth.
@Sister Anastasia and is he chasing you now?
@Sister Anastasia did you fight and stuff?
Does your advice go out to all ages? Or just to a specific age group?
@Sister Anastasia so you want him back?
Is it normal to feel not as happy in certain situations when you should be happy?
Yoooo Rory how’s life!? I hope Covid isn’t screwing up your life man
Can I call you just to shoot the shit and pay?
Can exes forgive alcohol abuse if you've worked on yourself and changed? Or is it too late?
Rory who did you vote for?
Hey Rory, are you ripped yet?
Is there a usual or common reason for someone not telling you why they wanted to break up?
How do you move on efficiently when you're stuck due to the lockdown? Having a hard time to get rid of intruding thoughts.
Do you believe the saying you will find someone when you stop looking Rory??
AVOIDING BREADCRUMBS, if u set boundaries as in "I am only interested in sth romantic with you" doesnt this also declare that you want them? And may backfire?
sherry, are you from Indiana by any chance?
What part of America are you in??
@Antonio Boyito perhaps drunk calling? You could confront her (I probably would, but every situation is different)
I'm ur top fan?
Are u reading this?🫪
WHO IS THAT MALLU GUY U MADE A LETEST VIDEO WITH? IVE SEEN HIM SOMEWHERE BEFORE.
wait are u doing a qna?
akka are you mallu??
are you from bangalore ?
What do u do ,, are u student? so chill damnn u laddy!!! yaaaa hellloooo!! we can hear damnn
you play badminton???hmm noice
where are u from south??
which college are you studying ....?
which college are you studing yaarrr....?!
DO YOU KNOW TELUGU?????????????????
di when does your birthday come??
ur mother is so healthy but u?? don't mind. just joking
what do you do then?
when does your birthday come??
DO YOU KNOW TELUGU???????????????????????????????????????.?????
Which lip gloss do you use?? pls tell
what's your favorite song??
I like ur english.. how did you learn to speak it frequently!???
whose your favourite singer or the top ones that u like listening to ?
u like k pop ?????
di are you a blink or an army??
your phone case is soo cutee ughhh from where did u get it?!
Hey,I have seen u near Hosmat hospital’s cateen in ashok nagar!! You work nearby ??
What's your fav lipgloss?
u know tamil aahhh ??????
where are u from? btww
What is the single best habit or trick that finally helped you stay consistent?
@justadivagurlfrfr how are you tagging me?? lyk I'm typing your whole name
when will u sleep??
have you went to abroad ?
are you in relationship with jaggu?
who is ur favourite stand up comedian?
U work near ashok nagar area??
are you in college???
how old are you? just curious
DO YOU KNOW TELUGU!????]]
do you like Katseye??
Do you Know TELUGU???????
do you like Katseye?? because katseye vocalist member is from tamil nadu her name is lara raj
are you in college????
what's your native language ?
do you like your mom or parents or you feel pressured or not loved ? cause i saw a reel about it in your channel.
do u speak Telugu??
How did you convince your parents about this ?
bro can u speak Kannada?
i want motivation for studying.. can you gimme?
what language do u speak?
EHAT DID YOU HAVE FOR DINNER???
do u have a skincare routine??
can you gimme motivation for studying?
What is ur favorite kdrama movie or series?\
what language do u speak???
do you watch bl?
What is stopping you from getting LASIK to remove your spec's?
what language do u speak dude??
did u watch modern family?
lol I need motivation for studying.. can you tell me plss?
have you watched the mentalist?
how about how i met your mother?
the Shawshank redemption did u saw that movie??
whts ur hair care routine? it looks soo pretty
What happened to your right hand middle finger ? It looks chopped . What's the story?
DIDI U BETTER NOW?
do you feel bad?
We here are u from in India? Pls answer
what are your thoughts about the protests?
what are your thoughts about protests?
you said in a video before that u lost weight because of a girl how mush u used to weight back then?
are u a graduate??
is ur mom strict?
how can she be that baddd u was 45kg and she's telling u ur fatt!!? she's not okayy
CAN YOU TELL US HOW YOU LEARNED TO SPEAK ENGLISH I LIKE UR VOICE ?
u can cook ?
what do u do ?
ARE YOU A HOMEWORK?
do you understand Tamil ??
how many languages do you know?
can you say my name also? pls
can u say my name ?
do you like central cee?? do you like his songs??
why u ignoring me ????
u insecure of something??
u insecure of something?
do u know japanese?
do u have a skincare routineeeeeeee ??? lmk
do u watch kdramas?
do u watch kdramas or cdramas?or like any dramas?
what if ur parents enters ur room??
did u saw breaking bad?
Do you have favorite rapper or singer?
do you exercise daily ?
u really know how to cook ??
do you exercise ?
can u read my comments????
where do you come from chat?
you’re hyederabadi? omgg your accent that’s cuteee
Are you not sleepy yet?
why are u so relatable?
which SCHOOL are you from till 10th???
Do you listen to K-pop?
Do you listen to paper?
cuzz she's busyy can't you see? she's cooking
What is your favourite movie?
Which is your favourite group?
What is your favourite group?
What is your favourite?
yess are u a k pop fan?
Hi are you a school or college student?
Ur recent fav song or movie ?
what is ur fav color???
do you like blackpink ?
which is ur favourite genre??
are you in Facebook?
do u watch k dramas??
are you in Facebook??
Which clg are you from ?
how many langauges do u speak??
Or what degree are you pursuing?
you look nerdy....what do you study?
do u like ice creams lol?
have u watched any k dramas?
can you show how to use hair stick ?
why don't you go to gym??
what is the meaning of your username?
have u watched off campus?
who inspired you to be a youtuber?
Are you from Bangalore?
whats ur plan for tomorrow??
How is your mom?! Big fan from Andhra Pradesh
yooo dare guy here, go to sleep gal, you look tired. BTW where is mom??
u r from Bangalore right ??
How is your mom? Big fan from Andhra Pradesh
u r from Bangalore right??
which college did you go to? I'm a Carmelite lol
will you go abroad for college?
Are there any songs or albums by 'The Weeknd' that you really like......??
Are there any songs or albums by 'The Weeknd' that you really like?
Will u post more potato videos?
When are you gonna do more potatoes video?
Hi do you remember me Toca?
Do you remember me?
Do you remember me???
Can you say we love you Tecca for an edit?
How you doing Nick?
Hey Nick, good to see you live again. When you coming to scotland for some golf?
What do you think the price point will be on the new big buds?
Blonde farms near you?
You gonna buy a new big bud?
You think the droughts over?
QUESTION: how involved will you be with the new big buds coming out?
How many big buds do you have?
You guys buying the new big bud tractor ?
hey nick what's up with your house?
You gonna buy new big bud?
Do you get a new Big bud ??
What do you think the price range of the new big bud will be?
you coming to the ag expo in iowa?
Do you have enough moisture to plant all the acres? Keep up the shop work, like the workshop videos..
Hello nick. Did you hear, there going to making a new big bud?
How many Bigbud do you have?
what about your house??
Are you going to the National Farm Machinery Show in Louisville Ky?
Are you looking for worker for your farm ?
How's the precipitation so far this winter? Are you getting adequate moisture?
Who is older? You or Scott?
Have you seen the new Big Buds will be built again?
how is the engine coming for your pickup ?
When you going to Zachs. Try to harvest some corn?
Are you going to buy the new big bud with all your creator money? Or did you and leg arms blow it all on ur new homes lol
Did you get that grain bin spill fixed yet?
Have you received some snow to help with the drought?
is that BUD for you?
hows the plans for your house coming along?
how is the pea cleaner working? just curious on how it finally worked out and how much maintenance you've had to do
Question: Do you use your Terra Gator??
Are you gonna play fs22?
Do do you miss aviation?
have you cleaned the shop??????????????????
Do you boys take a trip to Europa ?? To Joe er Are doing it
Have you decided what to put the last new caseih seat in?
What kind of snow plow do you guys use?
how is your house doing,?
Have you finished your house yet Leg Arms ??
What kind of snow plow do you use?
how many acres do u guys own?
how is your house coming along?
WHEAT PLANTING. Have you ever tried increasing you seed population on wheat, it increase yeild?
Nick are you gonna play fs22?
How long did it take for your channel to take off? I am 9 months in and at 82 subs.
Will the price of fertilizer mean you will use less this year?
can you share plans of house soon?
What was your biggest snow this year?
When you going to do a video with mike mitchell?
Who’s older you or Leg Arms? How’d he get the nickname?
When are you going to start your house?
Nick did you hear about the Gentrys shop burning down?
have you played farming simulator2022?
Have you ordered your Bud yet?
Are you going to play fs22 anytime soon?
how many acres you guys own?
Have you seen the big bud models built by Don Campbell on youtube? he is working on a 1/16th scale currently.
have you played farming simulator 2022?
how many MM tractors do you have ?
Do you got a favorite track of land?
When are you going to play some Farming Simulator 22?
what do you think about the new buds?
can you share plans for your house soon?
how's your pickup engine coming along ?
What do you use to edit videos?
are you guys going to do another fix up like the semi truck like a big project?
Have you talked about the new big buds coming out ?!?
are you getting decent moisture this winter?
Why don't you buy any John Deeres?
what would you say to people that want to start being youtubers?
how many more kids you two gonna have???
Did you hear that Big Buds may be coming back?
What is your biggest water truck?
Why are you only planting half of the new field?
Are you going to the new Big Bud unveiling??
would you be willing to let one or two subscribers to come to the farm and help out for a few days?
Any word on your pickup engine or the fummins?
Have you talked about the new big buds coming out ? Any info you have on it ?
Any advice for someone wanting to buy their first semi?? Any brands you’d recommend or avoid??
Hi Nick, do you think you re getting enough moisture to have a good 2023 season?
do you play farming simulator 2022?
what is your 2023 crop plan?
@Robert Welker are you being COY?
Will CASEIH let you demo the new big buds?!?!?!?!??!?!
Why don’t you guys buy any John Deere’s?
Any advice for someone wanting to buy their first semi?? Any brands you would recommend or avoid?
Why don’t you buy any John Deere’s?
can you share house plans soon?
are you coming to Colorado anytime soon?
do you still have names up on the windshields?
Have you heard much on the new big buds coming out ?
Anyplans seeing diesel bros? Not too far away from you and some time before planting
Why don’t you guys own any John Deere’s?
When you going to do a video with MIke mitchel?
Are you going to the National Farm Show in Kentucky?
you play age of empires!?!! when we going flying!
Are you going to World At Expo in Tulare CA again this year?
Any new project that Papa Welker up to other than keeping you busy ?
After you and Scott move into your new houses, will the current houses be removed from the farm?
When do you start on building your house? Next winter?
I notice you are dryland, is there no acquifer that far north you can tap for pivots?
Have you seen the New Big Bud yet? Will you Demo One?
what kind of quads you got?
How do you like the Can Am side by side. Reliable?
Are u guna watch wwe royal rumble tonight nic?
You like the bed?
@Robert Welker - Have you been following the development of the Big Bud 640?
Good day! Greetings from Poland. Do you plan to renovate the tractor which you picked up some time ago? The one that is standing near the trucks
You seen the minotaur?
when will you get started on your house?
do you guys still use that international truck you restored?
is your house going to be like this?
What do you think of the new Big Bud 640 that is going to be produced?
With your new homes, how many miles apart from you and Scott will you be? And how many miles apart from the main farm will you be?
are you two the only kids or only ones on the farm?
do you still have crops to sell in the bins?
Do you think the amount of snow you have had this year will help you with the moister for the summer?
how big will your house be?
Are you going to restore the Moline soon?
You mean 3 months Nick?
What generation are you and your brother? And when does it become ALL yours and who does it get passed to? (The Farm)
can u get slurry out of that to spread?? lol
Do you have a lot of bindweed in Montana?
Are you going to restore the Moline at any point?
How did you and Leg pick their sites?
Do you have to plow snow often in the winter? What’s average snow fall
What do you think of Big Bud producing new tractors ?
Do you like Mack trucks?
if big bud would make trucks would you buy one?
Is where you are a good place to hunt coyotes?
How much snow have you had so far this winter?
Hey nick. Quick question how many big bud tractors do you guys have?
are you guys going to restorate the 2 buds like the one in the shop?
What you think of the new Bud they’re building?
Robert do you think the Series one Buds are more reliable than the later series?
What do you think about big Bud producing tractors again?
would it hurt your feelings if it rained so much this year you couldn't get your basement built?
How far are you from Zortman?
Have you watched Yellowstone nic?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
You guys are so much fun. Loving the live stream. Speaking of streams. How are the fish?
Would you demo the new big bud if there is going to be an argurculture one?
Do you watch Yellowstone nic?
You get a deer?
Isn’t your channel about fixing stuff?
ok, what's your thoughts on the new big bud they are building?
are you going with bigger injectors? or back with stock ones?
What do you think of Big Bud starting making tractors again?
do you allow people to come by the farm? might be heading to glacier national park this summer
When did you participate in the tractor pulls? I remember that was where I first saw you all.
Why did you let leg arms build a new house before you did? lol
when will you get to the wagner?
How much snow have you had this winter?
Are you guys going to demo one of the new Buds?
what would you think of a big bud on tracks?
How long have you big buds been in your family?
Have you guys had any other John Deere tractors besides the 4520?
When will you get to the Wagner?
Big Buds are building new tractors in 2023, are you all on the wait list?
What do you know about the new big bud?
HOW MANY ACRES DO YOU PLANT IN ONE DAY?
Have you guys had any other John Deere tractors beside the 4520?
Are you planning to have a mixed content on YouTube. Build / farming?
Are you all one the wait list for the new 2023 Bud?
What is the current update on your GMC pickup?
What are your thoughts on the new Big bud that's getting debuted later this year ?
If you could get one brand new piece of equipment what would it be?
You have great drone work - what is next for the drone?
if you guys could make big bud plushy would you do it?
Why did you guys switch from John Deere to Case?
what is the hardest part of farming for you?
Do you know anything about cub cadet lawn tractors?
Will you guys be attending the National Farm Machinery show here in Louisville next month?
What is the max flight distance? Can you crop scout your farm with it?
How do you get to your phone or computer? Sd Card?
You ever been to Missouri?
Great channel. Am I correct in thinking you graduated from an aviation school ? Are you a currently rated pilot ?
What's your thoughts on the new Big buds set to be revealed later this year ?
Did you hear they are going to be building big buds again?
what is the max travel range? How much of the farm can you crop scout from the couch?
When are going to get LSWs on that model behind you?
Hey Nick, what time of day would you reckon is better for flying a drone? Morning, noon or evening?
what is your favorite truck on the farm?
Can you say hi to my son william?
With the draught Sue and low acerage production. Have you guys considered a solar farm are on no production soil ?
Are you going to get a quad track?
You ever been to Missouri ?
do you guys have a contract between yourselves on the farm or verbal agreement etc?
What do you thing of electric vehicle?
will you demo the new bud when it appears in argurculture?
do you allow visitors on the farm in the summer?
What do you think of electric vehicles?
Did you ever get your pickup back together?
Are you planning to restore another tractor?
how many farmers in Montana are farming the same crop as you?
Did you ever think about using an electric tractors?
any future plans on deep ripping? what are your thoughts
What would you think about setting up a few acres with TEEPEES for a bnb kind'a thing?
How close is your farm to the nearest hill or mountains?
What would you think about setting up a few acres with TEEPEES for a bnb kind'a thing? HEY HOW ARE YA!?
Your op on driverless tractors, like the CaseIH demo. Do you want to not sit in the cab anymore?
DO YOU LIKE JOE BIDEN?
What would you think about setting up a few acres with TEEPEES for a bnb kind'a thing? HEY HOW ARE YA?!
How far is the nearest hill or mountain from your farm?
are you going to make 1 of the 2 bud's electric?
HAVE YOU EVER BEEN TO Missouri??????????!??!!!!!!!!
you goin gto buy a NEw BIG BUD made in Georgia?
Do you have any coyotes or fox in your area?
Are you going to get a new big bud?
do you get many snakes around there?
Do you guys still use that grain cleaner you built?
would you demo a challenger?
do you have any snowmobiles?
Would you sell me an acre in the middle of all that - where I could hook up to water and gas?
Build a grain cart in the future? You can do anything right
How would Case IH feel if you tested a new big bud?
Does your farm own rights to any of the abandoned gas wells? Would it be possible to use what remains in a gas well to heat your new homes?
What do you think about the talk of makeing Big Bud's again?
What do you think about them possibly making a new big bud?
When are you and Zach gonna play farming sim 22 together?
how many siblings do you and leg arms have?
Do you have someone edit your videos?
Building a grain cart in the future? You can do anything right
Do you want edit your own videos?
Do you like trump?
Do you hire a video editor?
What tractor would you choose? If money was not a problem
How many acres you guys farm ?
When the new big bud is released will you buy one?
what do you think of big but making another tractor?
Do you edit you own videos?
Do you edit your own videos?
Nick when are starting on building your house?
what do you think of big bud making a new tractor?
Is land in your area mostly cash rent or crop share?
Do you edit your videos? Wondering for our YouTube channel hook Organics
Are you friend with Mike 'n Erin in WY?
Have you watched Matt Risinger's channel? He's got good building tips for houses.
Will you do another farm tour/Equipment tour?
what do you think of big bud coming out with a new tractor?
What do you think about colder CARSTAR?
What brand of lawn tractor do you guys use to mow your lawns/yards?
Could you share the history of your Big Buds?
Hey, do you know from where in Norway your from?
succession planning tips from you. care to share?
what do you think of the big bud annoucement?
hey nick when are you starting your house build? sorry if a repeat question i just got here
What do you think about constant spammers? :(
Do you watch? WhistlinDiesel
How many siblings do you and legarms have?
Are you capable of doing any irrigation?
How do you find motivation to clean the shop?
Do you guys have drought assistance in Montana?
Can you shout-out a sub to hook organics?
are u getting the new big bud?
Does gov ever "offer" to buy your land? Like Denmark :/
Any idea how many running hours your big buds have on them?
would you consider selling a big bud for a more modern tractor?
Would you ever sell the big buds?
what is your opinion on the past deep ripping you guys done? any future plans on future ripping?
Just joined from North Scotland, What's the story with your pickup truck? Fantastic channel one of my favourites.
when do you guysstart planting?
What do you think of the Case Minotaur?
Whats the progress of your home build?
how many acres do you own? and rent?
When are you putting a PTO on the series 3?
When will you start building you and your families home?
are there any other types of crops that could be successful in your area?
Whats your opinion on no till?
Did you hear that they might be reviving the Big Bud production soon?
Would you farm or visit a farm in Australia if you had the chance?
when do you plan on the start of your home build?
How much snow are you up to? Going to have a good moisture buffer?
Do y’all do soil samples?? If so how do you manage on so many acres?
Is the type of ground that different between your land and Tony fast land?
What's your opinion on John Deere quad tracks?
Are you near millennial farmer?
do you guys regret selling your other case ih magnum?
Hello Nick! What are your thoughts on New Holland Equipment?
How is the snow fall this winter? Did u get much?
Did you already talk about big bud’s potential new model?
Do y’all do soil samples? If so how do you manage on so many acres
You watching football tomorrow? Who you picking?
YOU GOING TO MAKE A COLAB VIDIEO WITH ZACK FOR HIS SPRING PLANTING??
Would you consider John Deere equipment? It
Do you do any racing like Zach?
trucker when have you drove a 9x???
Would you consider John Deere equipment?
Would would you use an international articulated tractor?
did u like the case quad track or the duals on the steiger?
Would you use an international tractor?
Now you ARE a pilot? Any aviation videos?
Nick, can you do a cold start video of the 9370 IH?
would you ever hire a foreign worker from Australia so I could learn some new skills? I'm a young lad (19) and looking for more experience
do you prefer the Case IH 9rx?
How can someone learn new skills with farming? would you ever put an Aussie worker on?
can you do a video of the view from the top of the bins?
How are your snow levels looking this year?
have you heard about big bud making tractors again? what do you think?
Have you ordered the new big bud tractor yet ???
are you thinking of purchasing a new big bud?
when are you going to tour Mike Mitchells operation?
How do you feel about the new big bud coming out?
How many hours are on your magnum fwa .?
do you think know you might buy a one of the new big Buds?
are you still happy to have bought a chevy?
U order the new big bud tractor yet??
What do you think of 6.2L diesel engine?
Hey Nick! Thanks for all the hard work and sharing your family with us. Where's leg arms? :)
would you consider buying one of the new big buds?
I was wondering when I was going to see you wearing your hats in a video?
When are you getting an electic pickup?
might you and your brother buy one of the new big buds?
Just join the conversation did anybody ask you about your opinion of the manufacturing new big buds?
Is that your church hat?
do you ever spread lime on your farm?
do you attend church in Shelby? What church?
Are you fully recovered from the peck tear or something from back in the summer, possibly last spring?
How did you and leg arms get so good and fixing and fabricating things?
do you have a pilots license?
what??? you guys hack job stuff?? first i've heard of it
How do you want downhill skiing before?
Do you think you will ever get across the border and visit with mike Mitchell?? I have family in Montana… truly Gods country compared farming here in Minnesota
Do you prefer winter or summer?
What church do you belong to?
Why didn't you get a JCB?
If you were to get a chaser bin/ graincart, would you consider getting the pto on it converted to be hydraulic driven so it can work with the buds?
What lake is your guys air bnb cabin on?
if you had the money to buy any new piece equipment for the farm what would it be?
when are you going to fix your Wagner?
is it just family run, or do you hire others?
if you had the money to buy any new piece of equipment for the farm what would it be?
farm equipment tour again. Your a few years behind and need a new building for storage ?????
How much precipitation do you average?
are you waiting on some new lsw's shoes for the Wagner before you start the list making?
Are you looking to get one of the new Big Bud's?
How did you meet your wife?
What program are your videos edited on?
How did you do the drone shot under the sprayer? How many have you wrecked?
What are your thoughts on Big Buds return this year ?
May I use music from your videos?
what Drone do you use, Nick?
will you restore the john deere 4520 at any point soon?
what drone do you use?
do you guys have any Oats in your rotation?
Did you end up buying the van-am’s?
do you play Fortnite ?
which country you are?
do you play Fortnite?
when does your school start?
Ruby, if u don’t know some questions. Do I have ur permission to answer them?
can you put a tampon in the wrong spot or too deep??
I love the period day in my life videos can you make a new one?
Hey... do you have tips for managing period cramps?!?!? I'm dealing with cramps now and it sucks...
do you think a small hand warmer would be good for cramps in school?
have you watched harry potter?
tips on feeling left out for not having ur period yet I know u did a vid on this but do u have any other tips?
do you have tips for upcoming seniors?
Hey Ruby, do you have a Cameo page?
Have you ever leaked somewhere you absolutely could not afford to? It happened to me and I completely freaked out
Are you on your period now, Ruby?
Ah Sofia, I would love to subscribe to you, what is your chanel name?
Do you know when you’ll be on BBC Essex next? xxx
do you think I should get magic cream by Charlotte tilbury for my combination skin?
Daisie are you eyelids still aggravated by your eyeshadows?
I see fenty have a new glossy lipstick range, have you seen or tried it?
How is the corner of your eye doing - I know it was giving you problems last week?
what happened to your beauty’s little sisters? I got to be one then it stopped
have you ever tried Dr. Barbara sturm products? I want to try but I am scared.
Do you follow a diet? What do you normally eat in a day please x
What fenty hilite do u use on your eyes in the corner? Xx pillow talk original or medium? X
You’ve made me so hungry for a Chinese take away now! What will you order?
I wear pillow talk original but it looks paler than that , what lipliner do you wear with that daisie? Do u wear a darker lipliner ? X
How is your Nan keeping?
Do any celebrities watch your videos?
When a guy points out one’s past failures, how can you approach that?
How can you turn a sexual relationship into something meaningful?
how can you make him pay for playing you...without pushing him away??
I did everything u said including giving mix signals, now he wants to see me everytime I'm off from work, should I see him?
How do you talk to a man who is delusional and always thinks he is right? it is always a take it or leave it attitude
Ok but what if you gain weight and it looks good on you? Looks good on me lol
Why do guys need to string you along? Say all the wonderful things yet never act on them?
do you take calls?
What do you think about long distance relationship?
did you say to take a year off from dating if you keep being attracted to the wrong guys??
What if a guy blocks you on IG ?
What if I guy tells you on the first date he wants to marry you and loves you ?
alex would your advice/tricks work on teenagers as well?
What's another business goal that you have?
Are you being sarcastic??
Would you consider making a video on people who are overconfident in themselves? Most people think they are special and everyone should want them
Another business goal that you have?
How do you know a guy is genuine?
how do you confront a guy who always thinks he is right and is delusional?
How do you know when a guy is into you?
How do u get a gaurded man to open up without being overbearing?
why are you with a married man??.
how do you confront a guy who always thinks he is right ? he get's offended too much
how do you confront a guy who always thinks he is right ?
Alex what would make you commit to a girl? Ur opinion
What if I dont want a relationship but a friends w benefit situtation, how do u start that?
Do u like Mexicans?
How long till you get used to the pain you feel after meditating?
what are u doing in mexico?
How do you deal with your depression?
can you date a black lady ?
Do u like Mexican girls?
u date all races?
what Latin country have the most beautiful woman? what do you guys think
YOOO.. YOU DOIN' LIVE AT THE GUYS CHANNEL??
HEY! what are some good come backs for a guy who ghosts and then reapier? (sorry for my english) p.s. you are awesome :)
What does an ex think if he sees you looking hotter?
Have you ever seen “are you the one” on mtv?
do you want to be rich and famous Alex?
What's another business goal that you have??
WE NEED YOU AT THE GUYS CHANNEL? WHEN IS IT?
ALEX, What does an ex think if he sees you looking hotter?
How did you find your passion and any tips on how to find our own?
Alex, can you advice some witty phrases for a guy who reapiers after GHOSTING????
HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH SOMEONE WHO IS REALLY QUIET LIKE I FEEL LIKE I'M GOING TO GET BORED???
If you could pick only one book that all women should read, what would it be???
How do you remain humble and reasonable?
How do u create a strong will power ? When ur conflicted on making a major change in your life ?
What you mean @key?
@Trap Lord So , YOU TOLD ME TO DREAM BIGGER, IM ASKING YOU WHAT U DREAM FOR?
Did you study history?
You said get hotter, Ive been working out & eating healthy. Im also graduating nursing school in dec. does it help or irrelevent?
what does it mean if u in a. resturant and a guy looks at u constantly while hes with his group of friends .....?
How to tell if a guy is intimidated by you?
Is there a such thing as a guy being intimidated by u??
Did u answer my question about the friends with benefit? He is very guarded but stares at me all the time.
What if she gives u the number but still says she wants to get to know u more?
@Free you think you think confidence matter the most???
What if your not very attracted to a guy should you still go out with them. Attraction can grow correct ? Might be better to be less attracted at 1st
Why would a guy on purpose approach one of ur friends after he got mad because u cut him off?
Hi Alex. What advice would you give to your daughter (if you had one) if she started wanting to date??
Damn, did the wife come after you?
why stop seeing married men? the guy is gonna do it regardless and u know u wont cat h feelings
How do you stop a guy thinking about fxking you the whole time while dating him and tryna get to know him?
when does the games stop? your always tell both of us to look at each other as the enemy
trap lord are you trying too pull on here? lol
@Trap Lord So. you female or male?
What music do you listen to or recommend???
Trish you are you such a hater?
How do you break a religious guy who is proud of be being a virgin?
Trish do you ever stop complaining?
@diana what?? I don’t understand your statement
CAN YOU EVER COME BACK FROM TELLING SOMEONE HOW YOU FEEL?
WHAT DO U THINK OF INCELS?
but u know Alex, who will love insecure dudes?they need some love too, am i right?
HOW DO YOU KNOW IF A MAN IS SELLING YOU A DREAM???
Yaya B​HOW DO YOU KNOW IF A MAN IS SELLING YOU A DREAM???
@trap lord so...you gonna call?
Trap lord so u calling?
So u mean if he talks very lil than he really likes u.??
are u frustrated alex??
Alex, this was really your longest live?
Do any of the Kardashian’s get advice from you??
Alex......wheres this funny vid you promised us????
I think your mic is off.. Or is it just me? lol
Are you related to Carlie Shae?
who is your all time favorite artist?
I'm a huge Britney Spears and Hilary Duff was as well..lol Have you reacted to the Framing Britney documentary?
What got you into MGK?
What did you think of Killshot? the diss against him
Where are you from originally?
when is your next major project?
do u stomp on ants/???
are u a giant???
if u were a giant miss foxy jessica who and how would u step on them?????????
how to get ur number or do u respond to ur dms on insta?
quick question what kind of content u put on your OnlyFans?
u are cool...luv your attitude and imagination ...say more about who youd want to step on like exs if you were giantsize???
use your imagination so what part of your foot would u squash them under and why?
do u stomp on bugs????
u got any fetish?
have u ever stepped on a bug with socks on??? watermelon is cool
Are you at home or on campus?
how do you deal with academic stress??
How is your relationship with your dad? Does he loves you? Do you have close relationships with him?
Is it normal to get some cramps the week after your period?
idk if you know this, but does plan b work?
What are signs that a guy likes you?
Are you jealous of guys for not getting periods?
how's college treating you?
Question: what are signs that a boy likes you or has a crush on you?
how to deal with ur period while on exams?
do you have any tips on being less awkward with new friends?
Do you miss being in highschool and any tips for highschool?
being popular isn't the only thing yk? like just be kind and helpful to everyone and people will like you!
Do you have any tips on how not to be an introvert if I’m too shy?
do you have any tips on how to keep conversation when there’s nothing left to talk about?
how to not be awkawrd with ur crush?
hi girls! how are you all?
You have a show Wednesday night right?
hi Debbie, how are you love?
Hi Debbie! how are you lovely?
Flor when do u get ur exam results? X
Hi flor, how are you darling?
Hey DV, how are you?
Will you be showing any new collections? And no definitely not too much make up....you look stunning...that person prob looks like a gremlin and is just jealous!
Hi Jessica, how was your day?
Emmy could you post on her social media page?
Daisie your eye and lip combo today are lush! What products are you using???
That’s so hard on you Shelly, hope you’re ok... are you excited/nervous to finally get out together?xx
guys yesterday I received a text and I told my friend to hold on a second he said "is it one of your beauty sisters ?" haha so cute
Also what is the expiration date for MAS SUNSCREEN? Thank you
Rob, please, any suggestions how to use Nub.#5 serum and #9 PDRN toner with MAS copper peptide and super serum? Thank you
Hi, just wondering if hydrocolloid nose patches help with sebaceous filament? If not do you have any tricks to get rid of them? xx
Please could you a review on eqqualberry collection? After your video am intrigued, special in the purple PDRN pore minimising serum. xx
Rob, how and when did you get into skincare?
are you having a black friday live???
Congrats on 700k well deserved! Can you recommend an exfoliating body wash for bumpy discolored skin?
sorry if you've already mentioned it, but when is the London pop up happening?
ate you going to make something for the scalp too?
@Scott do you put body serum in the moisturizer or on its own?
Best for red patches what would you suggest?
Hi Robin D! How have you been?
What discount code were you using Sharon? I see that you used a free shipping discount code with your order
Hi Rob, can you explain the difference between Theramid copper petides and the Niod ones?
@johncheffy4775 what was the reason you stopped? Skin couldnt handle it?
Did you record it @amymarxer6559 ?
When is the Timeless sale? Love their Vitamin C. Just ordered your light chemical peel. I'm sooo excited!
hey do you guys have a chat spot you like to go to to talk about MAS and robs advice on YouTube?
Hi Rob, I LOVE your MAS skincare line. Any plan to bring refills in?
Was this your first retinal product? if it is, it could be extra irritating/drying if your skin hasn't eased into that higher dose.
What do you think of yepoda?
I’m from horsforth too! Did you go horsforth high?
did you ever try the Garnier vitamin c with spf!?
Are you going to bring refills in MAS?
do you have shave routine? what would you not recommend using after shaving!
Hi Rob, can u do a skin care routine before and after swimming ?
Hi Rob!! What do you think about DNA repair enzymes?
Any skin masks you'd recommend, particularly going into winter? I've been applying a Shea Moisture clay mask at home once a month and would like to experiment with others
Hi Rob! quick question...have you tried the Allies 35% vitamin c??
Is your rescue balm good for eczema skin?
Rob do you know if G&G will have a sale for black Friday?
How do you find the Retinal body lotion from Transparent Labs? The reviews kept saying it pills, so I didn't order it. Do you find it pills?
What do you think about NAD+ supplements?
will you be doing another live soon?
Do you use devices? Red light? Medicine booster pro? Love from Copenhagen
Do you know any good scalp serums for hair growth and density? have you used The Ordinary one?
Do you still like numbuzin 9?
Hi Tom! How’s your head today?
Hi Borneo! How are you?
Ho, I thought you had to leave?
Hi Rob…how are you?
Rob, you can use skinoren every night without irritation?! woah, I've been using it for years and I still have to use it once every two days
Rob! Hey! So happy to be here with you! I just received my MAS order today. Please address copper peptide color for me. Why so light?
Would you apply copper peptide before a retinal in your evening regimen? Thank you new to your space.
I am also loving the dark spot serum and copper peptide and those wash cloths are amazing too. Are you coming out with any more new products?
When does your new MAs copper peptide with gf come out?
Hey Rob. Have you ever tried professional products like Circadia, Skin Script, Image, etc? Curious of your thoughts.
@scottfttcos do you have a brand suggestion?
How can you drink tea in this heat? Warm here in Wales.
Just placed my order and Super Serum is free!! Yes. When do you think the antioxidant cream will be available?
How can you still see it?
Hi Rob, I'm curious how you are doing with your New Year's resolution of daily facial massage? Any significant changes?
Hey Rob!’ How are you? Are we getting closer to the antioxidant cream being available? I promise I’m patiently waiting. . I love it!
Tom!!! Are your going to hide me, too??
Thank you Tom. Any idea on how I can remove the free serum code? Or should I just wait to order until the free serum offer is over?
I have got a tretinoin 0.025%, 0.05% and a 0.1%, and a tazarotene 0.1%. I’m confused in which order I should use them. Can you help? Thanks.
Sandra, how did you get all of those at once?
A note with your order and request the 3rd CP serum? Either that or email customer service?
What do you think of untra violette disco queen SPF luminous body oil?
QUESTION. If you had to choose one copper peptide besides MAS which would it be?
Vive up your down below???
Rob, what are your thoughts on COSRX 6 Peptide Skin Booster?
Hi Rob, I’ve noticed Superdrug have a geek and gorgeous sale on right now, what do you think are their best products?. They don’t have the spf yet unfortunately!
Hope everyone is having a good weekend! Rob do you recommend mixing castor oil with your anti-aging oil at night?
Solid guess Amy! How are you doing?
I bet he's making a good cup of tea. Rob, what's your favorite tea?
Hi Miss Angela..how are you?
Hi Suzanne! How are you and the family?
Suzanne! Glad to see you here! How’s the family?
Have you tried the Dr Reju-All PDRN Cream? I love it.
Hi Rob…have you tried the DRMTLGY Facialrx facial moisturizer?
Do you reapply sunscreen a lot, Rob?? It is sooo sunny here!
Hello Amy! How are you?
have you just given shelf chicken away Tom?
That’s great Angela! What’s your secret?
Do you still do microneedling? Not so many people mention it these days but I was thinking of trying medical microneedling at home .. but nervous
Talking about PR.. do you send your stuff to other influencers?
How do I place an order whilst I’m watching your live?
Could you recommend a good day moisturiser for mature skin?
What are your thoughts on glutathione?
@scottftocs thanks so much any product in particular you use?
amy, how was that vaseline glutathione you tried back in the day?
didn't you try it? i thought i heard about it from you for body care
@Amy that's great to hear! do you think it's too greasy for summer nights?
@Scott were you able to join?
do you exfoiltate your skin on the face and how and when?
Late to the chat so please excuse me if you’ve already answered. What’s your current favorite eye cream?
What do you think of the spicules Rob?
Do you know if red light therapy would aggravate hyperpigmentation?
any masks you've been loving as of late, Scott?
what do you think about galactomices?
Thank you Rob. Question is can I use geek and gorgeous power peptide and a game retinal in the same routine? How about power peptide and c glow?
Whats your thoughts on medicube overnight wrapping mask?
Rob, are you going to active the hype feature for your videos?
Hello Suzanne! How have you been?
Glad to hear that you’re relaxing! How’s the kiddo and Jan doing?
Hi there! Looking forward to hear what you have to say today. Question: Do you think MAS will develop a Foaming Face Wash? Karen
I remember those livestreams @gillwoolley6515. Do you remember face mask Fridays?!
Enjoyed the Taz video yesterday.. can I ask what strength you are on?
When you are testing so many products, how do you know that something is actually working?
I totally missed this...when did you become a dad? congratulations please disregard if it's too personal and you don't want to talk about it. Sending you and your family love
hi. my first live! love your channel Just ordered the MAS dark spot serum. Any recommendations for a gentle cleanser for my rosacea?
Welcome @Newtocloud! Have you looked at the MAS cleanser?! It’s gentle and I really don’t use anything else
Can you explain how I can layer MAS copper peptides serum, super serum and retinal oil after a toner, GF serum on my dry sensitive skin?
I'm travelling to Greece soon, you mentioned your products are in store. Are any of the stores in Athens? would love to purchase in person and support!
my sister has bad acne, can you recommend any goid products or and other techniques she can use?
Hi Did u make it to M&S? If so did u buy anything? It’s 20% off at the mo! Will catch your answer on replay! xx
hi rob have you heard of real barrier, the korean skincare brand? also how do you feel about the heveblue salmon pdrn cream?
Hello Carolyn, I hope you are well?
do you think you'll create an over make up SPF mist at any point?
Are your products available in store in Portugal?
do you have a distribution center in the States?
I wonder why you look that younger than your age Can you let us know your lifestyle/ dietary habits?
Only just found you tonight Rob - is TO growth factor still a thing?
Can you add your antiaging oil in your moisturizer along with the Ordinary pycnogenol and apply it after MAD antioxidant serum?
What is your tea of choice today?
I am wondering if you'd consider a video interviewing the cosmetic chemists and formulators who help you create your products? Perhaps a tour of the lab?
Would you ever consider a set of mini/travel size products? I would snap them up!
I am wondering Rob what is your testing process for new products / samples from the lab? Different conditions / skin types etc.?
As a content creator/ business owner, do you exchange information and ideas with other skincare professionals, especially YouTubers?
I’ve been staying cool in the air conditioning @Borneo1834. How’s the temperature where you are?
I’ll m with you Caroline! He has to get it right eventually… maybe tonight?
hi Tom, are these fires near you?
Skincare question… hello Rob, can you please tell me what products I should not be using alongside my Retinol (or Retinal)? I use my retinol in the evenings
Who had 1:07?! Congrats you are this weeks winner!
Good morning Rob! Do you know if Allies of skin discontinued their The One sunscreen? It isn’t on the US website anymore
Rob will there be bakuchiol in your new serum?
Love how you treat your staff, are you hiring? LOL Jk I am in the US
I saw comment online saying your formula changed and peptides are no longer encapsulated. That’s false right??
@tthibideau Are you secretly German with being early all the time?
are you a dermatologist?
Rob do you know when Remedy will be available in the UK? Do you know who will stock it?
Is AOS you recently featured peptide encapsulated?
Any good PR items left to give out with an order by chance? Not trying to be greedy but you don't know if you don't ask!
Do you have an update on your antioxidant cream?
That’s very interesting…. Where did your grandmother immigrate to, and have you been here to visit?
Yay, excited for the lip balms!! Can you tease a little more about the scents/flavors? Are they tinted?
@tthibideau are you talking about Rib?
You guys want to visit Vietnam?
old? You're not old Tom
Hey Rob, can I ask you some question?
hey Rob, have you thought about developing a MAS eye cream?
I apologize if it has already been mentioned but are you releasing a new cleansing balm or oil in the near future? Thx
How'd you choose Mad About Skin or why? Great branding!
Any sunscreens you recommend for water?
Rob, have you tried Prequel 1/2 & 1/2? I love it as a light moisturizer, with the MAS maximum moisturizer for night.
When you ship your sunscreen in the US is it protected from the heat?
Hello Angela! How have you been?
Do you recommend layering azelaic acid under or over retinal?
You might try the prequel sulfur wash on your chest?
Sorry I missed so much and probably won't catch up where are you going Rob?
See you all next time (in a month I think?)
Breaking out Scott?! Are you trying something new that is making you break out?
Scott and reemalasfour do you guys like it? and use it instead of vit c too?
Rob, your skin looks amazing today! What have you added besides the Remedy neck serum? No gate keeping!
is your guys inkey list separating too?
rob what are all these bottles beside you?
Guys, what is your experience with Mizon products? I bought the 7 peptide serum, it looks good on paper but have never tried it, have you guys??
I liked your video on Vitamin C, especially since I have never been able to tolerate it in any form. Which kojic acid do you recommend for glow?
Can copper peptides be used with thd vit C? with retinal? i heard a serm say copper peptides are mire effective than retinoids? wgat is your view? hello Rob!!!
What do you think of the over night mask from K beauty?
Happy 4th! Rob is your special 25% off still going on to include 5 treatments with the pink bag?
I've been dying to try the Numbuzin 9+ SPF.. it seems to be exclusive of yesstyle.. have you guys been able to get it elsewhere?
Rob what prequel products are you going to buy in space nk? I’m excited to try everything
@scottfttocs same! I also recently bought Leitins copper peptide serum which has ecotin in it as well lol cant get enough or maybe you can? IDK
Rob have you heard of Madeca Centellian24 cream ? It's viral on style analysis and yesstyle
Have you seen the prices on the Canadian site Katherine?!
And your moisturiser? Thanks
Rob weren’t you going to make some candles at one point?
What fragrance store are you talking about?
Rob when you are off to Spain will we get a live?
Rob, what do you recommend to tighten saggy neck? I've lost weight but now I've got this awful turkey neck .. gross!
Hey Rob! Have you heard of the brand sweet chemistry? Their products are expensive but I’ve seen some YouTubers rave about them
What is your favorite duo pairing with a retinoids?
Rob, (sorry if this is a silly question, but)… Is the reason your copper peptides aren’t blue is because they are encapsulated?
rob will you sell your candles in your pop up?
Have you thought of bringing out a ceramide body cream?
When is the best time to include your copper peptide serum? I usually use it after my toner step with azelaic acid.
Any plans to do a behind the scenes in your warehouse? I find that stuff fascinating
I’m in Windsor Ontario (Canada). Where are you from @MITUL-04?
How did you get that crown so fast?
Hey Rob!! How are you? So glad I made this one!!
How do you feel about DNA Repair? Any favorites or recommendations?
Hi guys I have gone back to basics with my routine, loving it, but do you have any favorite eye masks? Never used them, but would like to try some…
@Fani how are you, dear?
Danny! Happy to see you! How’s coco?
Are your name Alex, Scott?
I need a new LA serum. I have been using DRMTLGY but was wondering if you had any other recs?
Rob, does the cloths count as a product if you want the pink travel case?
Does this mean you are selling out to ELF soon?
Elf never! But Rob, did you ever get a purchase offer for MAS?
Can I apply adapalene after moisturizer at night? Does it lose efficiancy? What’s your take?
Rob, can you jump on a call after this live?
Have you tried the boots derma care for eczema or psoriasis? Both have 7% ectoin and they are reasonably priced
are you still loving TO aminoácids serum, do you have any other suggestions to get your source of aminoacids for the skin?
Do you know when the MAS antioxidant cream will be back in stock?
Have you heard anything about topical rapamycin?
Ectoin vs. Exosomes Rob…what do they do and if you could pick one which would you prefer?
@amymarxer6559 I'm getting now. Were you gatekeeping?
did you ever take accutane mad about skin?
yeah I also caught that Amy. Rob, have you got a dog more!?
what are your thoughs on corsrx alpha arbutin serum?
Hello I late here!!! How are you Rob?
Speaking of the peeling gel…. Any thought of putting the gel in a tube (like you’re doing with the antioxidant cream)?
Hi love, what's your take on MID DAY routine ??? you'd have to wash your face all over again before ?
Are you going to read about programming to Damien? I'm pretty sure you'll fall asleep fast if you read about design patterns
Were you napping Danny?!
Suz, writing books on design patterns? because why are those books always so boring when they're also useful so you have to read them
Suz, why haven't you asked Rob?
Rob, have you heard/tried the Spanish lab PrimaDerm? it seems to have some good formula's, would you check their website and give your opinion if they are worth to try?
Hi Rob, are you still making the scented rescue balms?
Oh Rob have you heard that Nichebeautylab has been bought by Cosnova in January? What do you think? Cosnova do essence and catrice makeup
@zanchan Where are you? Mine should go to Germany.
@scott can i offer you a neck beard?
Do you have spare hoodies, Rob?Then send one to me please
Rob would you do a summer meetup?
we need the spirit of serena page to overtake taylor's body & ask yashmu "do you listen to podcasts? like, men talking?"
You meant full target Dee?
Peaking???????? brother are you even gonna make the FINAL
@virgobxtch feel free to leave if you don’t like him? Nobody asked lol
Barrett, why can't you fight Kamu yourself? He is very unmanly.
do you think that Taylor just doesn't value Haley enough to push it?
what are you trying to say?
Do you think Devens will tell Angela about the plan today?
are you excited for the summer event?! I kno I am XD
I think Lip told you?
hm? it's Kazuradrop's event that you showed earlier
is it night in your place?
Oh ahhaha what time is it in your time zones? It’s 11:30am here
What kind of music do you like?
Have you ever been to Portugal?
Is this stream going to be up on your channel when it’s over? Like the stream replay as a video?
You x 10 crazy? can’t imagine that jk
can you play Animal by Katseye?
Could you say we love you Tucker?
Waki do you like cheeseburgers?
can you play animal by katseye?
What happened with you and Kai?
Yo Waki I’m back do you remember me? You said I would be a good mod and that I should apply
You dummies, why mess with someone who’s trying to catch monsters? Weird
U HAVE A LIVE?
and how old are you ?
Who messaged first the pred or you?
Yo did you watch the EDP445 documentary?
How do you find these guys?
you reading YouTube comments TikTok or twitch or what?
How many you caught today ?
Wyd if u catch them?
Did you ever catch that guy from Italy?
you caught nobody for 2 weeks?
How u stream snip???
What’s the time where your at? Cheers from the UK good job on what you are doing, could even be considered skibidi! As the kids say these days.
Yo wyd if u catch one?
Do you have a schedule for your streams?
Bro wyd if u catch them?
waki are you on twitch????
Did you ever catch dude from Italy?
What you do if u catch one?
Hey how ar you?
u on roblox grooming???? bruh
Wyd if u catch them man?
It’s me and my pocket pussies anniversary, can you give us a shout out???
When do you usually stream??
Waki why do you say iOS? And why would you get banned if you don’t?
what chat you using ?
It’s my birthday can you shout me out?
in all seriousness, what made you start doing this?
Waki you got any pets??
Which timezone are you in?
Yo whats good wakibrine hiw you doing?
Why do you write FI iOS 14?
What u say bro?
how have u got snapchat up whilst on live, doesn’t the screen record thing pop up?
Have you tried using WhatsApp as an excuse to get their number?
When do you usually stream?
Are they reaching out you first or are you hitting them up first?
When do you usually stream????
Have you ever caught a predator??????
is ur discord in ur description?
Do you know the person that you pretend to be ?
do you need help with that?
Do you know that girl that you pretend to be?
??? you on twitch wakiii ?
Do you know the girl who you pretend to be in the profile picture?
How long have you talked to him?
How long have you talked to John?
Do you know the girl who you pretend to be in the profile picture or is AI?
Are you certain ?
Did he ask your age?
how do you up your snap score ?
What happens when you catch one?
Yo what happens when u catch one?
Do you actually play soccer?
Do you actually like playing soccer?
How tall are you?
"what does your face look like?"
In how many hours you streaming again? Cuz it’s almost 4 am for me
Waki are you gonna stream tomorrow??
Are you gonna stream tomorrow Waki?
you work at the mall at 14?
do you ever report them to the police if their preds???
Do you ever report them if they actually are preds??????????
yooo, how many preds did you catch???
DO you actually report them to the police if they are preds????????????????????
do you ever report them if they are preds?????????????
yooo genuine question, how many preds did you catch???
yooo, genuine question, how many preds did you catch???
I thought ur decoy had a bf?
“when will you do a dare?”
Did you go to school for your job?
DID YOU GOT TO SCHOOL FOR YOUR JOB?
say "if I showed up at ur home wyd?"
Say what’s your type?
Say : what ur height ?
Say what do you like in a girl?
is your detective real?
what other platforms are you on???
Are you going to trust the detective?
I'm new and I'm interested with this, is your detective real?
Why not use a voice changer and call him but don’t show your face yk?
Wait how abt u get ur decoy and then call him??
YOOOOO PLEASEEEEE yooo genuine question, how many preds did you catch???
Yooo, I'm new to your channel Waki, yooo genuine question, how many preds did you catch???
Hey Waki! Can you give a giant recap? Just joined in, I’m curious what’s going on and who he is from your knowledge
Waki what would you do if I leaked your address, bank account, ip adress, the schools you went to, and your phone number?
Did you know there is a discord server of preds who have a chat filled with photos of decoys to watch out for?
can you slow it down too?
did you tell him you’re on the web snap?
if you had a pick a city what city would u pick other then urs?
ask "how tall r u??"
whao...what? of all the things you could ask..
bro wtf are you doing CONGRATS???
ASK HIM!!!! if you had a pick a city what city would u pick other then urs?
ASK "Can you show your face and ill show you mine?"
How old does he think you are?
How old are you supposed to be?
“Can i at least hear your voice?”
DO YOU KNOW WHO FE4RLESS IS???????
Do you (pretend 14) know this guys age? Like is the dude lying how old he is?
You think chatgpt would work?
What age you told him you was?
What age did he tell you he was?
Do you have a horizontal stream running too or just vertical?
So hypothetically you as a decoy know this guys in his 40s?
WAKI IF HE DOES TRUTH! TO GET HIS CITY ASK “if you had to pick a city to live in what city would it be?”
This idiot saying pillow method? Ur an idiot
I gotta ask how is he obviously a pred, have you said you're underage?
Has he asked youro age, or have you told him your age?
Have you told him you're underage?
Have you tried roblox?
Have you even caught a predator?
What stream did you try Roblox???
Truth: are you a pred?
Brother did you tell this guy you're underage?
Where did you find this guy?
what age have you said you are to him?
Wouldn’t you think he looks like the guy in the bottom left?
“IS YOUR BEARD ACTUALLY GRAY?” Let me seeee
If he says send your voice what you will do? Cause you cooking so far
U GONNA BE ON TMRW NIGHT?
What if he asks for voice note of you what will you do bro?
What time would you stream tomorrow?
When will you stream tomorrow gang?
Have you ever actually gotten one arrested?
Will you let us know when you streaming in discord?
DID U DO IT?
what the fuck you gonna do when i finally open it?
do you guys like the casting of Adam driver to play mr sinister in the mcu?
was 400 the same price you paid? Geo? Or did it go up a little.
you guys have ads?
sb do you remember me?
Sketchup you MUST remember me, right…?
SB DO YOU REMEMBER ME???
DO YOU REMEMBER ME? ALSO HI
WAIT THIS IS MY FIRST LIVE WITH YOU! YOUR VOICE SO NICE WHAT THE HECK?
sketchup do you remember me?
@Oh_Jams are u also a Yuri?
Are u a Yuri person @Oh_Jams?
ONE TWO THREE WE WANT YURI HOW BOUT YOU???????????????????
Kaiko are you sure?
Do you look at the chat?
is this the black n white scene you were talking about in the ii vid?
What was ur reaction for the song? It it played
Mepad, aren’t u supposed to be dead?
Guy’s, why are you saying Yuri from DDLC?
@Oh_Jams do you have tumblr?
Bella what’s your tumblr??
Question: would you be interested in making another object show beside the four show?
question: would you be interested in making another object show beside the four show?
Yo sketchup are u going to the tour next year? My parents are gonna allow me to go next year in England!!!
Should two have a sister in your world?
Other than Eight and Ten, what algebrailen do you adore? :3
You know random stuff?
Question: would you be interested in making another object show beside the four show? What would the characters/premise be?
WHAT IS YOUR FAVIROITE BFDI SHIP(excluding algebraliens )???
Other then Eight and Ten which algebrailen do you adore? :3
What ur fav ship that has deathpact characters?
Whats your favorite Roblox game? Mine is Bloxburg
Q:you watched pas (problems and solutions?
What’s your favorite object? Mine is Golfball
Question: Out of all the contestions from all seasons who is your favorite?
CAN YOU PLAY FIND THE OSC?????
What ur fav ship with deathpact characters?
How did you become so interested in the algebraliens?
How do you make your live streams?
Question:are you gonna give two a sister?
sb who is your favorite number who isn't four?
Have you ever watched an object show in another language other than English? >:3
Do you ever wonder if other people can Collab with you during your BDFI animations?
Are you gonna give two a sister? Or not yet
What maked you intersted in object shows?
Sketchup I’m making a mepad edit after the livestream would you like to watch it?
SB are you planning on giving two a sister?
What inspired you to make your OC?
What maked you interested in object shows?
If u could be a osc character who would u be?
if you to make one of the BFDI ships Cannon, which one would it be?
what is your favorite object show? ;0
Question, SB: what's your favorite "niche" object show?
Whats your fav osc character?
S.B are you planning on giving two a sister? If you do how will the other Algerbariens react?
WHOIS YOUR FAVIROTE ANIMATIC BATTLE CHARACTER ?????????!
S.B if u made am show what will be ur characters?
What’s your favorite ii ship? Mines tacomic
If you’re one,what would u do ?
Who’s u fav season 1 bfdi character?
What is your favorite object series that jacknjellify made?
Do you actually like ketchup?
Who’s ur fav season 1 bfdi character?
Question for S.B/S.K:are you planning on giving two a sister? If you do how will the other react to her?
Do you actually like keptchup?
S.B if u made an object show what will be the name and what will be the characters???
Who is ur fav season 1 bfdi character?
WHAT IS YOUR FAV OBJECT SHIP?????
whats your 5 top favorite contestant? :3
WHAT IS YOUR FAV OBJECT SHIP??
What are you gonna dress up for Halloween?
If you can make one bfdi ship cannon, which one would it be?
Sk are you planning to give two a sister in the four show?
What's your fav object ship????
(srry it feels like I am spamming idk I only ask this 2 timesTvT) what is your 5 fav contestant?
Have you heard abt object stream?
Have you ever dyed your hair before? (
wait sketchbook if u made an obejct show what will be the name and what are the characters???
Have you ever dyed your hair before?
May I use your oc in my object show?
Have you ever dyed your hair before? :3
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Sketchup how do I pin you in the edit? Idk how :(
Hey why don't you guys ever during or after watching vlogs? 191 waiting the likes need to match how ,any watching
where are you camping?
Hi Brian. Are you melting ?
Would blackout curtains help to you ? I like mine
where are you camping tonight??
!!!! really??? whoever asked that about the portrait...THANK YOU!
Hi Brian........ would you ever be a vegetarian ?
?????How long does it take for you to drive to work at Dan’s?????!!
Did you move to France to sort of retire? If you didn't work at Dans, would you farm, or roam around doing odd jobs as much as needed?
how long have you lived at your farm ???
Hi Brian, how far are you and Dan from Lalande?
What is your Profession?
Is the natural water source in your lower field holding steady, or is it drying up in the hot weather?
I am gutted to miss Dan's open day. Do you know if he will open on patrimone weekend?
I heard you tell Dan you are 6-4. what is that? adio call number for coffee break?
what will you do when the chateau is finished?
Are you getting any pets?
in all the village you have visited in France, wich is your favourite?
Will you ever get your own dog?
but you have that water balloon to right?
on your travels around France, where has been the best place to stay?
have you ever visited Carcassonne ??
We heard there was a UFO that flew in front of the moon during the eclipse, did you see it in your video?
If the big bag is for the Firemen, could you get an old, discarded official fire hose? That should fit the fitting.
Have you considered farming your land, ever? Industrial hemp is a good crop!
What’s happening with your cistern?
have you been down to Anglet on the Spanish border?
Have you been to Peyrat Le Chateau?
How are you getting on with the 2 second tent? I collect mine tomorrow and need alllll the tips!
Have you been to st Antonin noble val?
How are you getting on with an extended old-drone-footage video? Maybe for Vlog 300?????
@jeffproctor8518 Do you speak French? I've recently heard that there are quite a lot of people talking French in Minnesota, a bit like in Louisiane
Of all the places you've visited in your Vlogs, which one has been your favorite so far?
Do you ever travel by train? And how close are you to the train network?
What kind of coffee do you drink when camping?
Are you bringing some of your Bits and Bobs from your shop to the Chateau Opening? Dan won't mind
What was your first car?
Probably Ben asked before, but do you have any siblings?
How you deal with hot weather? Gretings from Prague, Czechia
Since you are a roamer, and seem to have been for most of your life, how do you adjust to settling down in one place?
Have you ever been dumped on a reef when surfing?
What line of work were you in prior to moving to France?
@jeffproctor8518 Would you be able to also bring him some native wild rice?
What’s ya name and where do you come from?
What do you miss most about Ireland?
the drone is it one of those the fit in your pocket?
Hello Gibi!!! I have never been on your live before!!! How are you?
Can you say hi Angelica? LOVE YOU
what did you do this time Gibi? kappa
You ever been to Scotland Gibi?
Are you gonna upload this?
What is going to be ur next role play?
Are you in austrailia?
Are you doing your part for Pewdiepie?
How was your day gibi???
Hello Gibi How are you?
Hiya! How are you this fine evening?
i had DM'd you a question on Instagram, do you think you could respond?
did you see matty tingles latest video yet?
How long you planing on steaming tonight?
How are you gibi??
How are you able to read this chat? Lol
Also who are you engaged to??? I had no idea
Can you do some ultra close up whispering???
You finished Naruto Shippuden yet?
Why are you using Ben’s chairs?
How are you Gibi?
is gibi your real name?
How long have you been engaged for?
how does your dog eat? I am worried my dog wont be able to with no teeth
Are you going to be humming tonight??
what time is it in your time zone?
Is this a different desk than your usual videos?
you tried tapping your dog? XD
Were you reading the chat before the stream as well? I saw some pretty weird stuff
How did you get into ASMR?
Hi Gibi how’s your day going?
How was your day Gibi?
Are you uploading the stream later?
When are u getting married?
Have you ever seen Berserk Gibi?
are you raising money for something?
how are you guys?
Do you like Star VS The Forces of Evil?
WHAT IS YOUR HOGWARTS HOUSE? I AM A RAVENCLAWWWWEWW
Why don't you stream this on Twitch? Just your audience is mainly active on YouTube?
what time is it where you live?
Yes!!! GIBI!! I love how my name is said in asmr by the way....can you say MaKenna....? It’s fine if you don’t lol
Have you seen Berserk Gibi?
how many times have you watched GOT?
could you do tapping?
HOW CAN U DO THAT??
Gibi what did you make a YouTube life asmr stream??
Can we have the entire Halo soundtrack by you please?
What time is it where you are Gibi?
Are you proud to almost share the same name as Gibby lord and savior?
how do you feel to reveloutioniced ASMR ?
Can you do some tapping???
Can we listen to lofi while you do asmr???????
do you like Jeffrey star????
can u say "Onii chan" pls?
have you ever looked into Wandersong? I've seen so much positivity from all the people who've gameplayed it :)
Can you do ear tapping?
YOUR A QUEEN I LOVE YOU!!?!
Gibi do you like The Dragon prince? its a really good show!
Can you link the video in chat for the echo vids?
do u like minecraft GIBI?
What is that you’re humming?
can you do halo theme song? sorry if you already did it just got here
What peaked your interest into this ASMR? curious
are you a ghost?
What type of computer do you have? I'm a computer nerd so I'm just curious.
What time is it where you live? Because you said tonight and it’s barely 6:40 at least where I live.
HOW ARE YOU DOING THAT!?!
what software are you using?
Can we meet your fiancé?
Do you like BTS?
CAN you talk in french ?
Hi gibi how is your day?
How are you people awake??
GiBI can you say my name, MIRZA?
Can you do a face paint ?
Are you gonna post the live stream when it's over?
HOW OLD ARE U CUTIE?
Did you play the final season of the walking dead?
Gibi ur creator code???
WHATS COLOR IS YOU RING ON THE RIGHT HAND!?
Are you going to introduce your fiancée?
can you say macarena in a whisper?<3 i love u btw!
When are you visiting Disney World again?
Do you have snapchat?
What’s your creator code?
what’s your creator code for fortnite?
do you luke taylor swift or seoena gomez?
How’s daisy? Have you heard from her recently?
I absolutely loved your apocalypse vid. More of those some day?
DO YOU PLAY ROLBLOX?
love your videos also could you do another chill asmr??
do you play clash of clans?
What is your favorite Billie Eilish song?
Do you support the freestyle trampoline community?
why are you so amazing? do you like queen the band and can you sing one of there songs if u know them?
Why aren’t you a singer???!!!!
Do you watch Riverdale?
do you like when calls the heart?
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING STEPBRO?!"
Do you play roblox??
whats ur hogwarts house? also, can we meet ur fiance?
Gibi do you listen to KPop?
Have you ever been to Chicago?
Are you excited for Avengers Endgame??!??
can you sing daughter of the sea ? lol
can you use the pink kabuki brush?
ARE YOU GONNA PLAY ANY MORE STARDEW VALLEY?
@Gibi ASMR when do you think a guy should ask a girl out?
How do you do the voice of Daisy for so long?
What's your favorite season of Game of Thrones?
CAN YOU SING 7 RINGS???????
Can u do moonlight by Ariana Grande?
ARE YOU GONNA DO MORE STARDEW VALLEY ASMR?
Is Hamilton your fav musical?
wut kinda of Mike do u use?
CAN YOU DO XXXTENTACION????
Wait do you know rent??? Rent pleassss
what made you switch from twitch to the tube?
Are you excited for Avengers Endgame??!??!?
A cure for wellness. would you do that? i think your voice would be beautiful for it.
GIBI DO YOU WANNA MKE INDAUBLE SINGING??
Can you do tapping??
OH YOU'RE APPROACHING ME???
Can you do leaves from the vine ?
What music do you listen to?
CAN YOU DO XXXTENTACION?
CAN YOU DO A SONG FROM QUEEN????
Hey can u sing moonlight by Ariana Grande?
sing a song by Xxxtentacion or queen pls if u can? por favor!
Is your dog a chiwawa?
are you actually engaged?
Can you sing “Always Remember Us This Way” by Lady Gaga...?
have you heard of eden/the eden project? your voice would perfectly fit his songs!
Can you do guns and ships?
Why did you put the toaster coaster down?
YOU SHOULD DO A DOG ASMR!!?!
CAN U DO A SONG FROM QUEEN???
Can you sing something by the Beatles?
hey gibi, in which country do you live or youve been born?
what type of music do you like?
CAN U DO A SONG FROM QUEEN??
@Gibi ASMR love your videos also what is rhe light that makes your room that color???
Can you do Into the West from Lord of the Rings?
How long will you be streaming today?
Did you go to college?
how many dogs do you have?
Can you do your Keira knightly voice please?
Hey, Gibi! Unpaid Intern here. Can you sing Rocket Man by Elton John? If not, just something instrumental.
Can you sing a song by the Beatles?
Do you know Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin?
Can You sing some more????
Wait do you know rent??? Hum something from Rent pleassss
Can you sing a song from Queen???????????????????????????????????????
can u sing more pls?
have you ever done a livestream in cosplay?
Video game asmr on your youtube???????
how do you like living in illinois?
What’s ur epic name?
Can you do WDBWOTV by twentyonepilots?
Can you do a Fortnite role play?
what's your favorite pokemon?
Can you put echo back on ? So relaxing
Have you heard that they are remaking the first pokemon movie?
can I have your dog?
Can you sing can’t buy me love by the Beatles?
Have you heard of Dimash Kudaibergen?
Can you sing a song from queen???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Are you buying sword or shield?
Can you pleaseeeee sing Hallelujah?
Do you like BusyBasmr?
When did you first discover Asmr?
Could you sing Into the West, by Annie Lennox?
Can you read us a bed time story?
what is your favorite asmr trigger?
What is your favorite Pokémon game?
What time is it where you are gibi?
What video games you you like to play?
@Gibi ASMR love your videos also what do u use to make your room different colors??
CAN YOU HUMM LUIGIS MANSION THEME?
Can you sing country roads?
Can you sing... Never grow up? It's my favorite song..
Have you heard of Dimash?
dp you play an instruments?
Would you sing Into the West??
ITS SSSSSSSSSSS MYTYYYYYYYYY BDAYYYYYYYY can u sing for me!?!?!!?!!
Are you excited for Avengers Endgame??!??!?(because red catches the eye)
I get picked on a lot. Do you have any advice?
whos ur favorite Naruto character?????
Whos your favorite Pokeshipping?
Do you know For whom the bell rolls by Metallica?
PLEASE YOU CAN DO VISUAL ASMR?
Could you sing Into the West, from Lord of the Rings?
Can you do leaves from the vine???
can you sing some Queen????
What’s your dogs name again?
gibbi any chance you might know how far asmr actually dates back? like when people first started realising they had asmr? haha
Hey can u sing the friends theme song? It always gives me asmr when I listen to it
what games do you play other than overwatch?
do you ever play Fortnite Gibi?
I love the mermaid song role play will you be doing more?
I LOVE the lights on your bedroom wall. Where did you get them?!
Enya? is that you?
You ready for the new avengers endgame?
Is gibi your real name?
CAN YOU PLS SING ISLAND IN THE SUN?!?!?!!!! YOU WOULD SOUND SOOO GOOD SINGING IT
What time is it for you??
holy cow, can I please have your singing voice?!
Are you going to otakon?
GIBI HAVE YOU SEEN FIVE FEET APART??
What’s your favorite Pokémon?
do you know dancing in the sky?????/ please say yes
do you have a mixer/soundboard?
Can you sing ocean man?
what software do you use to get the echo live?
What audio effects do you use?
WHATS YOUR FAVORITE HARRY POTTER BOOK?????? MOVIE???
Can you sing leaves from the vine???
Can you sing Girls like you?
are you on Instagram??
CAN YOU DO A RAP?
Do you have Discord??
What’s your favorite song atm?
Can you sing I’m yours by Jason Mraz?
What software do you use for Live echo????????
Are you a soprano or alto?
Are these live streams re-posted to your youtube? I'd love to get to watch/listen to this from the start while I sleep. I know some youtube streamers do that.
can you sing raining blood by slayer??!!
Halo? You always give me tingles humming that
When was ur last stream?
can you sing lana del rey's ride?
Can you do Titanium?!
Did u take voice classes? If so, TELL MEH WHARE!!!
What's your dogs name?
HEY CAN YOU SING BlINK182 Family Reunion????
Can you sing Titanium PLEASE?!
Do you answer any questions?
I get bullied a lot. Do you have any advice?
How long will you be streaming????????
HAVE YOU SEEN FIVE FEET APART?
can you sing a billie eilish song??
how was your April fools day??
Can you sing boulevard of broken dreams ?
What did you eat for lunch today?
What music do you like?
How long will you be streaming??????
When did you first discover asmr?
why are you so cute?
hAVE YOU SEEN FIVE FEET APART?
Do you like working from home?
can you sing a billie eilish song?!
Would you ever cover Meg Myers?
What's your favorite flavor of chips?
What is you’re favorite animal?
Who’s ur favorite avenger ?
Are you a fan of Billie Eilish?
WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE OVERWATCH CHARACTER?! PLEASE NOTICE THIS
When are you getting married?
Can you sing a bit of Chocolate rain?
If I need someone to talk to about how I'm feeling who would you suggest?
How did you start in the ASMR community?
What’s your favorite song????
Can you sing one song from the beatles?
what audio effects do you use?
Wich country do you live??
why are you so good at asmr?
Would you get another animal like a bird?
What is your favorite music?
Who’s your favorite avenger?
Gibi why you gotta be so cool?
how long can you stay awake???????
What’s you favorite asmr video type like tapping?Role play?no talking?
do you have a favorite joke?
any upcoming movies you’re excited about??
can you do some finger flutters?
how old are you gibi?
Who’s your favorite avenger ?
Do you miss heather feather too????
Gibi do you like American Horror Story? Love you!
Do you have a favorite brand of nail polish?
i have debilitating depression and anxiety ASMR really helps, do you have any other tips?
How do you cope with all these messages? You’re just too popular and too brilliant!
Gibi the way you just said wow wow wow made it sound like you’re an ants Canada/Mikey bustos fan. Are you?
What’s your favorite song!!!!!??????
how many pets do you have??
Q. DO YOU LOVE ME MORE THAN YOU LOVE YOURSELF?
How do you like Billie eilish???
What is your favorite song?
what sofrware do you use for the live echo?
What’s ur favorite food???
where did you name your dog after??
Um question in the description box y said u we’re engaged????? TEA
How did you come up with the code name “Bear” for Ben at first?
It's ok if you dont anwser me but do you like Captin marval?
how old i your dog????????????????????????
Do you think you will ever have children? Maybe babies are not very same?
Would you ever get a reptile?
would you wanna do another tracing video in the future?
what types of games do you play?
how many pets do you have?
Gibi can u do some unintelligible whispering?
Who would you love to collab with next?
Do you have any friends who hate asmr?
If you could play one game with any person, dead or alive, what would you play and who would you play with?
plis can you sing titanium?
how do you feel about billie eilish??
do you like Captin marval?
Do.you like Star Wars?????????
where did you get your dog's name?
Could you sing Pippin’s Song from LOTR??
What’s your favorite song? Can you sing it for us?
Hi Gibi - your LEGO ASMR videos introduced me to ASMR! Will you do more LEGO vids in the future? I just saw the D.Va one
do you have any friends who hate asmr?
Question! do you like the Beatles? Can you sing Sweet home Alabama
Who’s your favorite YouTuber ?
What did you eat for lunch today? Also I love you!
what's your favorite word?
can you sing some slayer?
CAN U SING BILLIE EILISH??
where did you name your dog after?
Are you good at going in reverse in your car?
Are you excited for Avengers Endgame??!??!?(red catches the eye)
can you sing a Billie Eilish song??
whats your least favorite trigger?
Can you sing Don’t you worry child?
Can you sing any Billie Ellish Songs?
Do you have a house?
how long do you stream for?
GIBI DID YOU SEE THE DRAWING THAT WOMAN DID OF YOU RECENTLY? IT WAS REALLY GOOD
could you do lullaby for a soldier song ? listening all away from Scotland your awsome !!
Can you please sing listen before i go by Billie Eilish?
could you do typing sounds plzz?
What’s your favorite musical?
when are you dropping the mixtape?
what are you singing? it sounds beautiful
Can you sing Boulevard of Broken dreams ?
Do you like marvel?its my favrioute movies(sorry for bad spelling)
Do you like Billie Eilish? She’s my favorite singer everrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!
my friends won’t play video games with me right now, gibi u wanna play?
will u collab with frivvi again?
You've helped me with anxiety and depression.. My parents divorced at a very young age. Can you please sing Never grow up? Also maybe a shoutout?
Can you sing your favorite song for us? Please
Hey gibi!! It’s my yellow labs bday today and he is here next to me would you mind to say happy birthday to him? Thanks u the best gibi
Ooh i have a question, how often do you fall asleep doing your own ASMR videos? Also i love your vids, they never disappoint!!
How did Ben propose? Did it catch you off guard? Or is it something you guys talked about?
if u didnt do asmr what would you do?
@Gibi ASMR why do you always sing the same song?
what is your favorite game??
will u ever collab with frivvi/lauren again?
whats your least favorite color?
What is the collective cost of all of the mics and other equipment you have for asmr?
can you sing a Billie eilish song???
Could you sing What a Wonderful World? Thank you so much Gibi for being the absolute best!!!
Do you like Captin marvel?shes my fav
Would you ever do storytime asmr?
Can you sing don’t you worry child please? It gives me tears of happiness
are you a boy?
Do you know Enter Sandman by Metallica?
gibi will you ever play video games with fans?
Do you think you would ever have kids? Babies are not very asmr though
Hi Gibi, Love you! Can you sing something by Sia? I'd really appreciate that.
Gibi, are you planning on doing more Overwatch role-plays? :D
I have a dying question: what r you thoughts one pewds and t gay?
Will you sing Imagine by John Lennon?
can you do any Sam Cooke?
Hi Gibi, do you speak Spanish?
could you do electric guitar asmr?
can you sing wish you were gay by Billie eilish???
Do you drive a Honda Civic?
Do you happen to know Stronger than You from Steven Universe?
can you sing I love you by Billie Eillish plz?
Could you sing "Your Song" by Elton John maybe?
can you sing ocean eyes by Billie eilish????
can you sing the new Rammstein song? hahah... love your vids. from Brazil
will u collab w frivvi again?
Could u sing city of stars from la la land?
My 40th birthday is this Saturday, can you sing HBD in ASMR?
Can you speek japanese?
Could you post some more positive affirmation videos? They're the best!
Did you pick out a wedding dress yet?
What is your favorite fast food?????
You read the manga of boku no hero?
Who's your favriute Avenger?
wait what’s your sexuality?
Do you speak French?
what made you go live on youtube instead of twitch?
will you ever play video games with fans?
Can you please sing killer queen?
can you speak japanesse?
Can you sing sweet but psycho?
can you sing will he by joji??
Have you ever smoked weed?
Gibi what is your favorite fast food?????
DO YOU KNOW an oldie by PHIL COLLINS called AGAINST ALL ODDS?
Do you where supreme???
Would you ever consider space travel?
did you see Alita? ever read the manga? what are your thoughts?
Could you sing Shelter?
Do you live in America?
Can you sing coldplay songs?
Do you get nervous during live streams?
Omg. Where did you buy that?
Who’s your favorite music artist Gibi?
Could you do another video with daisy x gibi? Like the airport one !!
Do you have an identical twin sister that is as charming as you are?
Do you like captin marvel?
Y can’t u sing old town road?!
Do u watch James Charles ?
can you do impressions?
can you sing hallelujah?
Have you ever banned anyone from your stream before?
Are you reading anything right now?
can you do another collaboration with Angelica?
any movies you really want to see that are coming out soon?
Do you like Captin marvel?
Could you sing Angle with a Shotgun?
do you end up deleting the live after your finish?
Who’s that behind you?
Gibi, are you subscribed to Pewdiepie?
Do you watch Shane Dawson?
Can you sing wish you were gay?
how long do you think you'll be streaming?
what's your favorite movie?
Do you know frivolous Fox same?
Could you sing Pippin’s Song from LOTR?
You've helped me with anxiety and depression.. My parents divorced at a very young age too. Can you please sing Never grow up? Also maybe a shoutout?
How late do you get these comments?
CAN YOU SING A BILLIE EILISH SONG???
What state do you live in?
Do you like k-pop?
can you turn the echo on?
Who is your favorite YouTuber?
do you say positive affirmations at all?
In your next video can you incorporate tapping with finger pads? Love you
Do you like captin marvel? I do!
She's a Killer Queen Gunpowder, gelatin Dynamite with a laser beam Guaranteed to blow your mind Anytime Recommended at the price Insatiable an appetite Wanna try?
Are you still gonna upload tomorrow, or is this stream replacing it?
Can someone donating request Wish You Were Gay? i would but im 12 lol
can you sing once upon a dream from sleeping beauty!!!!????
How did you like Gibi cup??
¿Can u sing OLD TOWN ROAD?
Did you play Kingdom Hearts 3?
Whats your fav Avenger?mines thor or Captin marvel
Did you see that pewds is back on top?
what’s your current video game?
What is your favourite thing to tap on?
can you sing bury a friend by Billie eilish???
what games do you play on your gaming channel?
What college did you go to??
Would you ever do a Sailor Moon RP?
have you see US?
Do you know Summer of 69 by Bryan Adams?
Can, you please sing something from Shawn Mendes, if ya know any?
Do you like Rammstein? nice live girl!!!
If you could marry an Office character who would it be and why is it Dwight?
CAN YOU DO HAND MOTIONS WHILE YOU SING?
what is your favorite trigger?
Do you like marvel?whos your fav chariter?sorry for bad spelling.
Do you know any JAPANESE??
Do you like marvel??????
do you still ever listen o my chemical romance??????
when is your wedding?
Do you like marvel????????
Do you live on east coast ?
What is your favorite vine?
would you be willing to make an asmr video where you read a book of your choice?
Since you listen to FOB, do you anything by The Cab?
do you like marvel????????????
can you say mocos?
Can you make a whole video using the reverb?
Can you hum the halo theme?
Do you watch ICarly? GIBBBBBY
is there anything u arent good at?
CAN YOU PLEASE DO SOME HAND MOTIONS WHILE YOU SING?
Do you play a musical instrument?
Can you sing Ne Me Quitte Pas?
Do you like marvel? its ok if you dont anwser me.
Can you please do "8" by billie eillish or "I love you next"?
Can you measure us really quick? I loooovvvveee measuring triggers
CAN YOU PLEASE DO SOME HAND MOTIONS?
X&Y by Coldplay if you know that one?
Are you team pewdiepie or t-series?
WHICH OF THE HARRY POTTER BOOKS IS UR FAVORITE?? FAV MOVIE?????
whats your fav Avenger?
WHAT IS YOUR FAV AVENGER?
do u know the song little bird little bird by Elizabeth Mitchell?
DO U LIKE BTS??
Which house are you in?
Is Luigi with you?
DO YOU LIKE BTS???
WHAT HOUSE ARE YOU?????
Are you using a voice changer?!?!?
WHO"S YOUR FAVORITE SINGER??
@Gibi what house are you in? I'm a Slytherin
where is your hairline????
Could you maybe do Jaina at some point?
Do you like Marvel?
hi gibi!!! can u make another loriel mermaid vid?
can u sing the hanging tree from the hunger games mockingjay?
do you know any dodie to sing?
do you know enya??
You ever play Mass Effect?
Do you like marvel?
can u sing taking you by why dont we?
Do you know The Misty Mountains Cold from the hobbit??
Can you sing COUNTRY ROADS????
Can you sing Into the West?
What Avenger is your fav?
Can you sing U really got a hold on me?
Do you know A Song For Douglas (For When He Is Dead) by Current 93?
Do you like Avengers????
How would you do game of thrones? People asking for it?
hey gibi! you still play old school runescape?
How can you guys watch this?
can you do jimi hendrix?
How do you know frivolous Fox? I’ve seen you two do collaborations together before?
Would you sing Into the West?
Are you on twitch too?
Can the full live-stream be found as a VOD after you're done?
Do you know the track Gooey by Glass Animals?
Could you do Into the West?
@Gibi ASMR are you gonna post this after?
Are you excited for Attack on Titan returning again this month?!!
Could you sing some songs from Steven universe? I love ur voice!!
could you do the cork candle?
do you know any enya songs?
Are you doing your part to help Pewdiepie?...
What is this? And What are you doing?
Could you sing Pippin’s Song from LOTR, please???
helloooo, today is my birhtday, can you wish me a happy birhtday?
Why are you whispering?
do you ever still listen to mcr???
did you used to have braces??
Why are you making my ears tingle? You CRAZY girl.
what brand are your headphones?
GIBI CAN U SAY TOASTED COCONUTS???????!!!!!!!!!!!????????!!!!!!!???????!!!!!!
what camera do you use?
when are you getting married??!!?!?!?!
Could you sing Pippin’s Song from LOTR, please????
could you do mic scratching? like nails on the mic? tysm i love you gibi!!
Can you do "Hey there Delilah"?
Is your fridge running?
maybe ur mic connection?
can you say its going to be ok? thanks
Toaster coaster of you haven’t already???
Could you sing Into the West?
why does that make you sound?? is your refrigerator running??
are you vegan, vegetarian or none?
Gibi do you play a musical instrument?
can you sing i wanna be tall by jenna marbles?
Hi @Gibi ASMR do you know the 432hz frequency, why dont you try to do ASMR with some musix with this frequency?
i love you gibi... do you love me?
Gibi, how are you?
Are you in marching band?
Gibi are you a band nerd?
How long are you streaming for ?
can you please do the Harry Potter mermaid song?
did you use to wear braces??I NEED TO KNOW AS A PAST BRACES WEARER
would you do into the West?
what's your dog breed???????????????????????????????
Can you sing the Reading Rainbow theme song?
Is Gibi your full name?
couldn you just put your retainer back in?
Could you do some tapping?
Do you like K-Pop?
Wish you were gay by Billie?
Do you have a kid?
Please do some mouth sounds if it so compels you? I love you and your content sm!
would you please do Into The West?
Why does the invisiline sound amazing??? Also love you so much!!!
Gibi, do you like Radiohead?
Is this your gaming room? It looks different
What do you like about Burt's Bees products?
do u play pokemon go?
YOU LIKE AVRIL LAVIGNE?
Can you say You're my friend in asmr?
If you have her played an instrument which one did you play?
Do you ever put fake butter on your fake bread?
Do you watch Black Clover????!!!
oh alright. How’s your day going ?
What's wrong with you? You're making my ears bleed.
Can you do more mic scratching with the foam guard?!
have you ever played Plants Vs Zombies before?
can you sing the Harry Potter mermaid song?
What’s your favorite animal? Random question
Gibi have you ever seen code lyoko?
DO YOU KNOW WHAT MY HERO ACADEMIA IS???
when did you start asmr?
what is your favorite role play?
Have you seen Your Name?
not well versed in anime. I love Sailor moon. what do you recommend?
DO U WATCH ONE PUNCH MAN??
Have you watched fairytail?
What’s your favorite color!?!
If you were an animal, what would you be? xoxo gibiiii
Who are some of your favorite ASMR you tubers?
hey gibi honest question question isnt invisalign like a retainer? how come you didnt just start wearing your retaineer again?
Have u seen dragon prince?
Whats your favorite color?!?
Gibi what's your favorite vine?
First episode is hella misleading on 7DS, trust me! It gets much better! Also, may we get some mouth sounds? I love you and your content!
Can you do the Scoop ?!? please
you are the BEST ASMARTIST EVER?!!!!!
Is there a style of anime you prefer??
What is your favorite broadway show ???
have you watched fate apocrypha?
What’s your favorite color?!? Love you Gibi!
how do you feel about Jojo's Bizarre Adventure? It's my favorite
how old are you????
What is your favorite book or TV show?
Can you do the scoop????
How much longer will you be live???
have you watched Neverland?
Heyyyyyy girl how was your day???
do u wear ripndip?
GIBI GIBI GIBI WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE ASMR ROLE PLAY SO FAR?????
WHEN DID U FIRST START DOING ASMR? (sorry for all caps, I just wanted mine to stand out lol love it channel!)
Your favorite disney movie????????
Do you watch Game of Thrones?
hey gibi you got any?
WHAT IS YOUR ZODIAC SIGN?
What music artist are you listening to?????
How much longer will you be live??????
Have you watched Tokyo Ghoul?
GIBI WHATS YOUR FAVE ICE CREAM FLAVOR???
What is your favorite item to use for asmr?
but when will you rp as gibi?
Are you a Marvel fan?
May you please do mouth sounds?
Have you watched Jojo's bizarre adventure??
when did u start doing asmr?
do you ever still listen to mcr????
Do you watch any sports?
do you get lonely recording asmr?
do you have the invislign in?
When did you first start doing asmr?
How long u streaming for ?
do you ever still listen to mcr?????
Did you crush on Al from FMAB as much as I did? Love a man in a suit.....
y arent u streaming on twitch????? i was watching twitch for the past 3 hours... had to switch lol
Aren't you sleepy gibi?
Can you sing something from Les Miserables?
WHAT DO YOU ENJOY MORE TAPPING, SCRATCHING, OR WHISPERING?
GIBI GIBI GIBI GIBI GIBI GIBI GIBI WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE ROLE PLAY!!!!!!!!!?
DO YOU LOVE PIEDIEPIE???????
can you sing who let the dawgs out next?
Hand you seen Hamilton?
Why did you start doing asmr???
What's your favorite book???
Have you seen black clover?
WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE ROLE PLAY SO FAR?
do u wear ripndip????????
do you allow fans to send you fan-mail or gifts?? #gibiasmr
Have you ever sang Viva la vida by coldplay?
do you allow fans to send you gifts or fanmail?
WHAT DO YOU ENJOY MORE TAPPING, SCRATCHING, OR WHISPERING???
Have you ever watched JJBA?
do u wear ripndip???????????
are you into zodiac signs? sorry i keep copying my msg, ha
WHAT DO YOU ENJOY MORE TAPPING, SCRATCHING, OR WHISPERING?????
Oh my gosh what is the bead thing in your hand? It’s pretty.
What is your favorite place you have ever been to?
Can you pleeeeeaaaaase sing something from Les Miserables? Maybe Stars?
Do you own Super Smash Bros. Ultimate for Switch? If so, which character is your main?
Wassup gibi you gona live stream more often?
are you into zodiac signs?
GIBI DO U WEAR RIPNDIP????
Are you currently in Gotham?
WHT IS YOUR FAVORITE ROLE PLAY SO FAR?
what's your favorite tvshow?
Hey gibi! Can you sing bohemian rhapsody?
WHAT DO YOU ENJOY MORE TAPPING, SCRATCHING, OR WHISPERING????
CAN U SING SINSRLY ME FROM DEAR EVAN HANSEN?????? PLEASE
what's ur zodiac sign?
did u do march madness?
what is your zodiac sign?
could you Hum Peace Sign?
Have you done a Detroit: Become Human cosplay??
can you do tounge clicking?
can you tap on your phone plz..??
what is your favorite role play so far?
Do you get enough sleep generally?
WHO IS YOUR FAVORITE CHARACTER FROM MHA??
Can you hum baby shark?
Can you hum some more? I have a theatre thing tomorrow and I need to sleep lol
Gibi is there a way you could please sing Mad World? I asked nicely
whats your zodiac sign?
GIBI ARE YOU ENGAGED?
Don’t you have two dogs or am I being dumb?
CAN YOU SHOUTOUT MY FRIEND? HIS NAME IS NICK GURR
Do you want a kid?
what's your favorite vine?
Hey GIBI do YOU have any Headphone recommendations to enjoy the best experience in ASMR??
what's your zodiac sign ?
What's your favorite meme right now?
your favorite rp so far?
gibi do you like kittens?
when are you getting married?
Can you hum some more?
What made you decide to start an ASMR channel? I’ve always been so curious.
what's your zodiac sign???
whats your zodiac sign??????
no PO box just post ur address why not?
what's your fav word? (ily)
oooo can u sing hamilton?
Question:what's your favorite movie?
YOU DID WHAT WITHOUT ME?!?!
Have you played Persona 5?
why u so popular???
Who are your favorite ASMRtists?
Can u sing chlorine?
Gibi have you ever played a moba such as smite or League of Legends?
Do you know DEAR EVAN HANSEN?..
can you do riptide?
hi just recently started watching your videos, love your anime role plays, this is my first time seeing on of your live stream, how's it going?
can you sing all-star?
do you know any motley crue?
Can you do more tapping videos?
when do you stream on twitch?
Gibi do you nerf bastion ?
can you sing, "when september ends" by green day?
Did you ever screamike everyone in the commenrs asked you to?
is your real name gabriella ? short for gibi
UU and me U have like somehow a spiritual connection with me and my whole family. You are just like us!!! lol!!???
What’s your favorite animal?
Can you sing Boston by Augustana please??
Can u sing chlorine by TOP?
Did you watch glee?
Do you listen to The 1975?
do you know any of les mis?
Hello Gibi, have you sung Hamilton yet?
Luigi, why you a'crying? You always a'moanin' and whining!
can you sing, "when september ends" by green day? plz
Charlie Winston? I remember you singing that before and it was excellent
Can you do Into the West?
you cheating on me????
@Gibi ASMR Can you sing Dying in LA by Panic at the Disco please?
If you could be a dog for a day what would you do?
Do you have a cat GIBI?
When are you guys getting married?
are you gojng to play dnd one day?
Is ghost your dog too????
were you live on Amazon earlier today?
can you sing first burn?
What Harry Potter house are you in? I’m a Hufflepuff!
Can you sing VINCENT?
Can you do a makeup routine?
wtf i hear sirens too do u live in cali?
can you sing First Burn ?
CAN YOU SING DEAR EVAN HANSEN??
what kind of music are you into? do you like k-pop at all?
do you know, "when september ends" by green day?
can you sing something by joji?
can you sing first burn please?
"waving through the window"? do you know Dear Evan Hansen?
can you sing somewhere over the rainbow? please
Um...... could you do riptide next? It always puts me to sleep
do you mind singing first burn?
could you sing KODALINE - Brother please?
Did you know that cardi B stands for cardiovascular bronchitis?
can u sing something in portuguese? im brazilian
hooooooooooooooooooooow long have you been engagedddddd????????????????????????????????????????
gibi, how do you like your chair? serious question
do you know any Hozier???
Can you do some tapping and singing/humming? Please
Can you sing VINCENT (starry starry night)?
Can you whisper names?
CAN YOU SING GREEN DAY? september
DID YOU GET MARRIED?
could you sing first burn?
Can you sing, the lion sleeps tonight please??
WHOSE YOUR FAVORITE BNHA CHARACTER??
have you ever played little nightmares gibi?
Wait so you pay for what you want her to do?
do you know any green day?
could you do some my chemical romance? the ghost of you? sleep?
@Gibi ASMR can you sing Can't Help Falling In Love?
do you know sugarplum elegy by niki?
Do you know Blue Eyes by Elton John??
do you know any songs by OMD?
We’re do you live?
OMGibi! How are you tonight?
CAN YOU DO MORE BNHA ROLE PLAYS PLEASE??
What’s your favorite video that you’ve ever done?
Did you watch SAO?
Do you watch a channel called Girlfriend Reviews? She's funny.
gibi! have you ever played splatoon???
GIBI U LIKE PENTATONIX RIGHT?
What Harry Potter house are you?
will u notice me tho?
You are going to be my girlfriend?
Gibi do you know candlelight by Zhavia?
will u notice me ???
Can you sing I don’t love you by MCR?
Could you sing grow as we go by ben platt?
have you ever played splatoon??
Can you order a happy meal extra fries, hold the lettuce?
Have you watched SAO?
do you know how you got your camera hooked up to your stream?
could you do a softly singing rock ballads? (still loving, nothing else matters,etc)
Can you sing something from Hamilton!?
You are going to be my girlfriend? or I'm going to sleep
where did you learn to sing so well?
Why are you so beautiful? Is it just genes?
Can you song puff the magic dragon once you’re done with this song?
I love the purple background. Something about it is very relaxing. Keep doing what you're doing because it's awesome! Could you also sing Bury a Friend?
can you sing la vie en rose?
Which Harry Potter house are you?I’m a Hufflepuff
Why tf your mic like that ??
can you make more videos recording with you singing?
HAMILTON?????????? Do u like it?
oh wow, you have a secret lab chair? how do you like it?
can you sing Pure by Drag Me Out?
Ring, do you hear me calling?
Which Harry Potter house are you?
Can you sing Sanctuary/Passion from Kingdom Hearts?
Can you sing something from the Fallout video games?
Have you done The Death of a Bachelor?
could you sing winter song? its really pretty
Have you done Death of a Bachelor?
Can you sign See You Again?
Can you sing All Star?
Can you sing clarity????
HOW DID YOU AND CR1TIKAL BECOME FRIENDS???
You can count on me???
can you sing, you wre my Sunshine?
can you sing “You are my sunshine”?
DO YOU KNOW EDELWEISS FROM THE SOUND OF MUSIC??
Could you sing grow as we go by ben platt please~? It’s my favorite song right now!
Gibi, can you please sing "See You Again" by Wiz Khalifa?! It would mean so much to me :)
Do you think you could sing dear Jessie?
Do you think you could maybe sing dear Jessie ?
CAN U TAP ON SOMETHING CAUSE IM REALLY STRESSED RIGHT NOW???????
Would you ever do a uncensored asmr video?
do you know by any chance Late Night By Foals?
Can you sing cant get over you?
You’ll be in my heart - Tarzan?
Hey, just joined the stream. How've you been?
can you do asmr of hair?
how long are you streaming tonight?
Can you please do counting stars? , or believer by imagine dragons either one doesn’t matter.
did you pull any april fool's pranks?
Can you do something from Hamilton?
can you do some 6ix9ine please ? lulw
You steal ma beans nega?
Could you sing grow as we go, by ben platt~? His new debut album just came out
Could you sing Grow As We Go, by Ben Platt please~?
Can you sing Zombie by The Cranberries?
My dog snores like that...I always tell maya (my puggle) Am I keeping you up maya? cause she is so loud
how much longer will you be streaming?
Why did you do that.?
Have you ever thought about writing your own music?
Gibi in your country , what time is it?
Do you know can't take my eyes off you???
Can you sing Monody please?!?!?
Will you pleaae do Drive All Night by joan ?
Can you sing an Ariana Grande song? ps you're one of my favorite ASMRTISTS
HEY !!ARE YOU INTO CANADIAN BOYS?
can u sing a Fleetwood Mac song?
What if you did take on me?
Do you support trump ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Can you sign See You Again by Wiz Khalifa?
Can you sing "Over the Rainbow" please???
do you ever listen to your own ASMR to go to sleep?
do u listen to rap gibi?
Can you sing "Over the Rainbow" Please?????
Do you support trump??????
DO YOU KNOW BLUE EYES BY ELTON JOHN??
Are you using auto tune?
what is strangest thing you eat?
could you please do Helena by MCR?
How do you even read this?
can you sing "simple and clean" from kingdom hearts? please
Do you know the song Lost Boy?
How long are you streamin here for??
shouldn't you be doing a twitch stream?
Why aren't you on America's got Talent?
Can you please do stand by me?
If you do another song could it be flames of love?
Did you do fly me to the moon?
do you know any dodie songs?
can you sing a song from the Weeknd, echoes of silence?
Could you sing Grow as We Go by Ben Platt please~?
Glad you came, Journey, set fire to the rain, you raise me up, lost boy!!!! any of those??
Into you by Ariana Grande?
Can you sing Faded???
Can you sing faded??
can you do the hanging tree from the hunger games?
@Gibi ASMR How long do you plan on this going ?
are you worth a million yet?
Could you sing Grow as We Go please~?
CAN YOU SING WITHOUT ME BY HALSEY?!?
can you please tap on your phone????
can you do the hanging tree?
Could you sing Grow as We Go By Ben Platt please~?
DO YOU LIKE TMR?!
can you tap on your phone?
Can you sing "My Sunshine" please!?
i love your channel, ok? BUT I WILL NOT STIP NEING ANNOYING UNTIL YOU EITHER START OR SING NEVER ENOUGH,, PLZZZZZZZZZZZ
Could you sing Grow As We Go by Ben Platt please~?
Did you say asmr fart sounds?
Can you sing "You are my Sunshine" please?!?!?
Can you sing Hey Jude? Love you
do you have singing asmr in Spotify?
did you adopt him or are you still fostering?
What do you do for work?
wait do you know moon river?
How are you doing? I love your singing gibi!
Are you ending the whole live or just singing?
Gibi why do you always wear a choker? Just wondering lol
Have you played Sekiro yet?
can u do ocean eyes next???
May I ask how you get that audio effect? I'd love to use something like that for editing
wtf am i watching here ? why was this in my recommendation? anyway u hot
are you sure you dont wanna sing never enough?? its one of me and my moms favorites, it would literally make my night and day if you sing never enough
How are you gibi?
Will you keep the stream up?
sing moon river if you know it?
have you seen dunkys new vid?
How much do I have to spend to make you stay live streaming? Name it?
can u do your joker impression ?
Have you ever smelled moth balls? How did you get there legs open?
Hey ham ham can you do the squeeze the ball trigger?
@jay can’t u get banned for that?
Have you maybe thought of doing twitch? ASMR is very popular on there
Hey ham ham what made you get into asmr ?
U live on tiktok?
U banned from tiktok?
Just wondering why have you been using portrait mode?
What kind of things do u do at work?
How are you Ham? I’ve tuned in on TikTok for several weeks now! Love that you stream on YT also
Do you like YouTube lives or tiktok more ?
Are you live banned on tiktok rn?
If you could give everyone in this livestream life advice, what would it be? *serious question*
Would you do the "stipple" at some point?
ham do you ever get mad so you go on YouTube or tik tok to listen to asmr or do you calm your self with your triggers?
Do you listen to much of Christian Music?
You ever find someone voice that’s really soothing? Man to man your voice is soothing
Did you ever try out that work video you were talking about a while back ?
ham could you walk the flamingo on the mic ?
Always wondered what made you get into asmr ?
Hi man how are you?
HAM HAM WHATS YOUR FAVORITE MOVIE???
kaylen u got a headache or?
what’s good ham ham do you remember me?
do you remember me ham ham ?
Are you on your laptop or tablet?
Lorraine, do you have blue eyes?
Lorraine, can you sing?
What are your favorite actors?
Do you still make your own jewelry, Cherie?
Have you seen "Regretting you"?
Are you ever going to get the Nintendo Switch 2?
What's your favorite color?
How big is your team that helps you with these streams or is it all you? Just curious.
Guys, do you like LEGO?
Any new ideas of your own for new ASMR videos?
What got you into creating ASMR? we love it.
Could you do an ASMR with wood or using combes?
how was your day?
Would you visit Dubai? great city
Do you have friends?
What did you like the most in Poland?
are you ok? you look sad :(
How old are your cats?
what british ethnicity are you?
Have you been active on Twich for as long as on YT? sinse 2021?
are you also french?
Cherie did you see the new Muppet Show?
did you watch the olympics?
what is your favorite series?
Did you hear what happened in California with the Skiers? so sad...
how did u learn tarot?
What inspired you to become an ASMR artist and performer?
what video games do you like to play? I would love to know
Where can you buy those cards?
@chrisChrisCB gotcha, no worries, do you have a preferred deck?
@MatthewHowland-h1e were you Matthew's piano?
Any foods you do not like?
Did you do University?
do you not care about the fans?
do you really believe in tarot. or just 4 fun?
@michaelmihretab Why? Too tricky for you?
@TheDivineUniverseIsHere what do you mean?
@michaelmiretab Have you heard the song "It's Tricky" by rundmc?
@cherielorraine what british ethnicity are you?
can u do cockney accent?
Has anyone of your family members seen your life streams or videos?
do you remember me?
wich is your zodiac symbol?
@Michaelmihretab What are you, some sort of gatekeeper? You're worse than Zeus
@cherielorraine are you french?
Cherie could you plz show us one professional dance move so that we can trust your credibility as a tarot professor?
can you say something in spanish Cherie?
how'd you get the clicky neck? i got mine fracturing my collar bone.
does tarot work if u don’t believe in it?
what color your eyes green?
have you ever been told you look like Jennifer Aniston?
is it cold where you live...?
what's your eye color , green?
You do look very cute of course, as usual. I'm glad you're doing so well, You AND THE KITTIES, THAT IS. Where did you get your new one from??
Am I ever going to find a girlfriend who is as beutiful as you?
wait you are a gamer? that's awesome!!!
Will you please ask MATHEW if he doesn't mind saying what SIGN he is???
@cherielorraine are you also french?
how can i find more creativity with in myself and my creations? is that stupid question or no? thank you
that's good @Shag.B do you have a preferred deck?
hello, you look Spanish, are you?
will I ever find a girlfriend who has your beutiful looks and personality, Cherie?
Kiaora/Hello How Are You?
can we please see your cat ?
I've never played a game. What would you recommend?
You're not stopping now, are you? I've only just arrived, had to wait five minutes after becoming a subscriber
Meyo, for our 9 months... lol ... will you do me the honor of choosing my trigger for the night?
Hello beautiful Meyo how are you today ????
hey renepachino are u like a moderator of the live or something??
Meyo did you have Thai fans here ???? Have you ever see a Thai fans ???
Drako are you mod? are what
or youtube wont let you?
Can't feel your legs? Great! That also means you don't feel pain. Problem solved.
I may be asking for too much ... but can you add SPIDER along with WEBS to honor Spider-Man of his day? (still August 1st here)
ooh which cream have you been using? I dont have autism but sometimes the feeling of certains lotions or creams just dont sit right i would love some recommendations!
You don’t stream in TikTok anymore ?
you weren't subbed to your own channel?
You’re so spiders is that true? Cause I love tarantulas.
What did you say? I can’t hear you.
Do you wanna eat puffer fish out?
on your toe? lol
hey Meyo! How are you today?
Hiya @3t3rnitr0n how are you? Glad you're here
you going to bed specter? Have a goodnight
How could you?! You have betrayed the sacred Change of the Trigger.... You are BANISHED!!