Is YouTube your main job?
Hi from Nashville!! I bartend on Broadway. Have you ever worked in the service industry? Any crazy stories?
hello! what is the time where you are?
What does your bf do for work? Does he want to be in the YouTube industry also
What are your plans for today?
how are you doing since G?
Do you still use your hair lasers ?
Would you ever cut your hair short? I really liked your hair in your old Miley Cyrus tutorial
are you planning any thrifting videos soon?
are u guys doing bar bingo later?
What's your nail polish color/brand? I'd love a nail polish stash video! you say your polish lasts so long, and I'd love to know what you use!
Have you ever been to the Goodwill outlet bins? It's wild
Good morning Cassie! or is it still morning in your neck of the woods still?
Did you ever share the finished Llama Llama painting you did for your friend?
What do you put in your coffee?!
Do you guys know that Green Day has a coffee company?
Do you still use cover girl mascara?
Do you guys play Wordle?
Why can’t we know your birthday?
How do you decide what you want to keep private? It seems you are sensitive to some things and not for some other things
what sign is your boyfriend?
Do you guys play Pokémon go?
Hey have you tried the magic eraser for removing your mascara!?!?!
Have you tried the magic eraser to remove mascara?
Cassie. do you teeth whiten?
what are you sunday plans for today?
Do you still go thrifting?!,hello from Mankato Mn!
Cassie, has your depression gotten better since being with Dan?
Can you be a Daily vlogger? because I love re-watching your vlogs haha
do you whiten your teeth? they are so white
Wow! I almost forgot you went to college for art if I remember ? Maybe not
Cassie have you ever looked into getting lasik for your watery eye?
What are you wearing on your lips?
Do you still do as much thrifting as much as you use to?, hi from Mankato Mn!!!
Would you ever try Shop Miss A makeup? I would love to see your thoughts on it
Can you recommend pet insurance?
What are both of your love languages?
do you like makeup dan?
I missed the beginning! Was it Bingo day?? Did you win?!
Do you wish you could have found Dan sooner? Like age wise? Or do you think finding him in your 30s was perfect timing?
Have you tried the L’Oréal true match nude hyaluronic acid tinted serum??! It’s amazing!!
What is dan’s favorite make look on you? Sorry if this was already asked. Just joined
Dan what nail polish do you use??
What are you having for lunch? Anything special on Sunday?
Are you in contact with your biological dad? Sorry if this has been spoken about already
How do you manage your time alone time/date time etc?
Cassie. you have lush teeth. do you bleach them?
do you regret things you did Dan?
Do you whiten your teeth Cassie?
Have you tried the Panda Express beyond orange chicken? A vegan youtuber I follow keeps raving about it and I wonder if you’d like it too
Do you whiten your teeth Cassie????
have you ever been in Holland?
Pressing question - would you love Dan if he was 2 feet tall?
do you drink at home ever together?
Hiii Vic how are you??this live is gonna be great
Hi Annmarie Lane how you doing?
What do you think about the new bperfect palette?
Hi Sarah I’m ok thanks how are you?
Missa did you have a good night out?
where's your beer Missa? doesn't really feel Missa-live without it
Have you guys tried Kara Beauty maybe and have an opinion on it?
have you seen unsolved mysteries on netflix? sooooo good
Is it your first tatto missa?
Oh what are you getting?
Tess why are you up at this hour?!
doing well! how are you?
U know how many awful tattoos would have never existed if tattoo artists refused if u were drunk?!
Hi Nina do you sell make up?
Sarah are u in any of the Sausage groups lovely? xx
Daniella how do you manage alcohol on your meds?? Mine allow for no drinking..it sucks balls!
Are u on Instagram Sarah? You could send me a message there? It’s Nina Fox or it may be easier to find me under foxy_ne xxx
have you been to flamingo land?
@Makemeupmissa have you tried the By Terry I sent?
omg do you guys have canes???
Are you gonna tell us what it is Tess?
Tesss have you had In n out burger????
miss what is your full name today?
@Ceri.T. MUA. how are you wee cupcake? I hope you are the chosen one!!!
Lol KIM im ok. Im off work for a month now. Waiting to see a neurologist how are you ?
How are you three this morning/night?
Hey Tessica! How are you bby?
Oh @Ceri.T. MUA. !! Are you OK!!!???
Kim im ok you ok??
Are u using your new face brushes Daniella?
missa that blush is my dream thank you for introducing it to me. is yours super lightly pressed? mine is
does anyone know if you can send makeup to someone between Ireland and UK with regular post?
@kiwi gal beauty are you in NZ? sausage Meetup!
have you seen boris running to his train?
What gig are you going??? Xx
Will you be trying out the Bperfect x The Vivienne palette?
Oooooh have you used it in a video Gregory?
Where are you from in the US Tess?
Hey Tess since you’re US do you know where I can get the w7 distortion glitter liner dupe?
morgan you can get it from their site, it's always out if stock on amazon. are you in the sausages group? i could send the link
Can you use eye shadow as blusher? I know you can use blusher as eye shadow.....?
When did make up become a passion for you?
Out of all the LV collections, what are some of your favs?
Do u think it will b more bag option of the new mink???
do you recommend the twist woc?
was it depressing working at lv and watching people spend like crazy while you just hoped you had the cash?
Lancome stick foundation...might be a great start for guys. What do you think?
what coast are you on?
What do you think of JC new "pregnancy" vid?
How else do you think brands are selling full size products in a $25 box?
I don't understand... the point of a box is to discover a product and re-purchase it... if it's not the same... why would you ?
I love your winged liner. So good! Inspired by your daughter?
Can you talk about your thoughts on Jessica Braun and her Disney trip?
how did you start out? just doing tutorials?
Jen, do you still think people fall for the “Drama sells” mindset?
But it is even worth it anymore when you have to force change?
What do you think about the Jessica Braun drama with going to Disney during the pandemic?
@Mon K420 I thought that as well, but then if you get caught out wouldn't it go over even worse?
People judge but forget to reflect on their own actions you know?
what do you think about ipsy glam bag x?
what do you have on your cheeks???
so who is on your shirt?
Hi Jen! Can you talk more about the t shirts?! Are they comfy? Stretchy?
Fairly new viewer. Why did you start your channel? You do such a nice job with the news each week. Really enjoy it.
Jen what do you think your thing is?
Has anyone else watched MommingWithMigraine? if you have these issues... she is great!!
do you eat more fish / mutton then beef / pork?
Ah Sofia, I would love to subscribe to you, what is your chanel name?
Do you know when you’ll be on BBC Essex next? xxx
do you think I should get magic cream by Charlotte tilbury for my combination skin?
Daisie are you eyelids still aggravated by your eyeshadows?
I see fenty have a new glossy lipstick range, have you seen or tried it?
How is the corner of your eye doing - I know it was giving you problems last week?
what happened to your beauty’s little sisters? I got to be one then it stopped
have you ever tried Dr. Barbara sturm products? I want to try but I am scared.
Do you follow a diet? What do you normally eat in a day please x
What fenty hilite do u use on your eyes in the corner? Xx pillow talk original or medium? X
You’ve made me so hungry for a Chinese take away now! What will you order?
I wear pillow talk original but it looks paler than that , what lipliner do you wear with that daisie? Do u wear a darker lipliner ? X
How is your Nan keeping?
Hey anonymous, I am having a good summer, you?
@The Josh Speaks hey Josh what are you thoughts on SJWs (social justice warrior)?
What do you think about the red pill community?
Also Josh, how do you deal with a loss of a friend or family member?
But Rage_ won't you get bored?
@Udensi Ukaoma -> What? Did you think I was gone forever? [stop spamming emotes] [warning]
@Udensi Ukaoma -> You wanna dance? [stop spamming emotes]
Anonymous, do also feel like you can't be too positive around your family and friends?
what if you like a girl and she likes you back, but she have a boyfriend, what do I do?
Q:I saw your video on advice to young men in my feed. I will check it out. Can you tell us a little about it. Thank you?
Josh do you ever eat (vegan) ice cream? Which ones is your favorite
Hey josh do u like football???
how old are you Eloane? and please keep the repidity down
@ the josh speaks could you tell the YouTubers about my decision to leave YouTube?
@Hamish It's going good. A few things I want to work on but that's why im here what have you been up to?
JOSH U HAVE PRETTY FACE BUT I HAVE ACNE DOES ACNE METTER ?
how do you get out of the friend friendzone without being awarded???
Josh I want to ask a question if you don't mind?
this is Sparta 117, do you copy? Cortana!