OMG!! how have you been "Corpse" So awesome are you back?
Hello where are you?
what's wrong with your voice?
Can we see you?
how did your voice get deeper!?
Is ur voice deeper?
Bro why haven’t you been on ur sc??
Damn dude. You sound like 7th graders after they hit puberty. How tf your voice so deep lmao?
where u been man?
Whattt!!??? I missed you so much!
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOUR VOICE? Are you ok? :o
omg its been forever. How are you?
how have you been??????
yo ur voice just got deeper or is it me?
how you been sir??
missed you, how have you been?
hey, is your voice extra low today?
duuuuude where have you been?
Hey, how've you been. Are you well?
Quick question. Are ur stories real?
Deep web has you hostage man????
when are you going to do a video??
HOLY SHIT THOR IS THAT YOU?!
Where have you been?
is that your real voice?
Are ur stories reall?
Do you have a discord?
yo corpse is this really your voice?
Broken record here (who cares?) : I missed you. No need to apologize, you totally rock.
woooooahhh how old are you? that’s young
corpse will you do more vids ??????
Are you okay now?
How old are you now?
So you weren't kidnapped?
Are you at least getting better now?
hello and how are you today?, have you ever thought about dlive once youtube eventually phases out?
Omg, that's awful:( Are you okay now?
how's your mom doing?
Bruuuuuuuuuuuuh where you been??
How you doing corpse?
Snap, Twitter and Insta squad where you at???
Yo bro you sound like shroud when he’s sleepy you shroud on the low? Lol
hi.how how've you been doing?
why do you type f?
I still want to know are you ok now? Also F
Have you been tested for ms!?
Have you been tested for MS?
jesus christ why don't you come and save my life now?
When is your next video coming out? I can understand if it takes until idk November.
Waas it your spine?
Did you get a brain scan?? Could be chiari malformation
SO YOU ARE LIKE 20 AND YOU SOUND LIKE THIS? LUCKY BASTARD
Why are you girls donating to Corpse when you have a boyfriend?
How do you have sleep apnea?? I thought you were in good shape?
Do you have a gaming channel?
You in Albuquerque right now?
You really going through it huh?
Corpse will you date eden?
How u got all these different things happening to u at once!? Shit is a little weird
Your health doing ok bro????
you played vrchat with heyimbee right?
Damn, is all your family full of gods and goddesses?
what god did you anger for such things to happen to you?
Omg it's amazing to see you back!!! I've missed you so much!?!?
Is it up to your shoulder? The numbness
You know we’re not gonna listen right? WERE GONNA GIVE YOU MONEY!!!
Do you still sell your merch ? I wanna buy some more !!!
How are you paying your bills?
How’s your eyesight now?
Can you say oof?
corpse do you love me?
Do you have Instagram Corpse??
what's up man are you been ?
how tall are you?
Yea man wtf!? U been through hell.
Corpse Husband will eden become your corpse bride?
what about your family history?
Oh, it's my old friend Corpse Husband! How thr hell have you been keeping, then?
Do you think now that your coming back a face reveal may be in the cards?
How are you now??
how about your eyes?
How are you feeling now?
DID YOUTUBE EVER DO ANYTHING ABOUT THE OTHER CHANNEL REUPLOADING YOUR VIDEOS?
any update on the channel thats stealing your content?
where r u from??????
how is your eyesight doing?
Why you lose your voice?
why is fasting making your life better?
when do you plan to post your next video? :o
how are u feeling now?
When will ur new content be up ?
@Corpse Husband How are you paying your bills?
how many things do you have???
its been 10 months dude. where have you been?
is that your normal voice?
where do you live?
when can we expect the next video? what are your plans on that?
idk what I've missed but did you also struggle through mental issues also?
DID YOU EVER THINK YOUR VOICE WOULD GIVE YOU SO MUCH SUPPORT AND FAME??
is your living situation okay at this time?
How do you have such a dark voice?
With your deep ass voice? Ha
how are you so sick? youre young and healthy!!!
Will you consider a face reveal in the future?
those hormone issues explain your deep ass voice AMR?
it that why your voice is so deep?
What is your next now ??
is that why u didn't do a face reveal ? the way ur face devoloped
Have you try going to a sleep clinic and getting a machine for the sleep apnea?
Is your voice deep because of your narrow airways?
can you use a cpap?
DID YOU HAVE AN ADENOMA?
HOW R U FEELING NOW?
Idk if this is how it works but could removing your tonsils or something non essential to your airways make it easier for you to breathe?
Did you get a CPAP?
is it about your pp??
Are you getting a CPAP for your sleep apnea?
Is that why you sound so good?
M8 Are You Having a Baby????
so are you talking to ue mom again now?
You basically lived at the hospital for the past 2 years ?
Did you have birth defects or just bad genes?
So you’re super manly?
@corpse husband DID YOUTUBE EVER DO ANYTHING ABOUT THE OTHER CHANNEL REUPLOADING YOUR VIDEOS?
is that why your voice is so deep???
why are you guys telling him to moan??? thats not right
does that mean u can't get a boner?
W H Y A R E Y O U A L O N E ?
How can someone with your deep voice have low testoterone?
So that's why you sound like a freaking truck?
used by what? your voice, my gosh
Haven’t u been on vr chat?
WILL U DO A FACE REVEAL?????
You have a bass in your voice yet, you’re saying your testosterone is low ? LOL
Why is everyone wanting you to moan? I'm just tryna see if you're good, my guy.
so u couldn't get a boner?
Are you single, Corpsy?
you played vrchat with heyimbee?
How tall are you?
Can you start a discord account?
wait so.. are you gonna be alright htough?
When do you believe you will get back into making content? -Thomas from twitter lol
replacement therapy? do you use a breathing machine for your sleep apneia?
so would you get angry a lot?
Do you have one of those sleep masks? I know they help.
how tall are u?
WHAT IS YOUR PO BOX??????????
So you all ways horny??
aren't u excited to see the chat like this after al this time !?
Yo, is you good g?
Have you had vocal nodes bc of your gerd???
U are a legend u know that?
HOW CAN I SEND YOU A MESSAGE?
Is the rabbit mask your Persona mask? who's your Persona?
Why are you alone?
when will you comeback with stories?
Will you ever do a face reveal?
you single or nah?
Can I be your girlfriend???
How old are you?
All the testosterone went to your voice then?
Can we see your face?
Are you dating anyone?
how did you and jaiden animations meet ???just wondering
Any future videos you plan on making?
are your eyes ok?
Have you visited your mother lately to see how she’s been?
Ever think you’d do a collab song with Chills?
why does everyone want you to moan corpse?
where are you from?
Is your health doing better ?
@Corpse Husband do you have a schedule?
how do you send in stories?
when do you think you will get the stories out?
How long until your back? also, the hitman story was awesome
wait...you're 21?!?!?! you're younger than me????
do you need glasses????
Is your VITAMINE A levels okey?????
is the medication actualy hurting you?
Do you not get reading glasses?
corpse do you like anime?
Are you all cured Corpse Husband??
Do you have a discord?!!
Can we send you short stories? I don't hasve any long stories
I know this is an odd question, do you want us to still send stories to you?
Are you gonna do a face reveal?
how did you and jaiden animation meet ?
Do you think you’ll ever do a face reveal ?
why were your eyes fucked?
R u going to be doing a story today?
"A new story for emails" you mean a new email for stories?
YOU'RE 21?!? IM 5 YEARS OLDER THAN YOU....WOW
Do you reply to Snapchat’s?
hows the situation with the people uploading your videos?
maybe doing a video every other week will work? It'll keep people satisfied hopefully and give you time to rest
when are u uploading next???????
Does your old e-mail still exists?
do you know what exactly causes the eye strains? maybe some kinda of light. also, hey we're the same age Mc
do u have a girl friend?
when will u strat uploading??
Have you been recognized yet? face reveal boii
Courpse where do you get your horror background music?
do you wear glasses for your vision?
Do you have a Discord?
Has a fan ever come up to you irl?
Why do you panic?
Why do you panic from people commenting on your voice?
do you have a gaming console????????
EVERYONE KEEPS ASKING IF YOU IS A VIRGIN BOI????
When was the last time you were in public ?
How are you keeping up with the chat?
Every deep voiced person I’m looking at sideways like you corpse?
how would you say your overall health is right now?
when will u start making videos?
Are you needing a specific type of story now or would just anything be okay?
What inspired your icon?
are you back for good now?
Maybe you can collaborate until you get alot of stories?
i sent a story a year or so ago, you said you liked it. Do you save emails like that or do you think you deleted it?
What age your voice start getting deep?
any update on the imposter you on Youtube?
how did you and jaiden start talking?
So your good now??
are you going to do a FaceReveal ever?
i have to leave but i hope you’re uploading this live? miss you!
do you know what happened with Phanto Librarian?
i missed you!!! glad your coming back... and THEY DID!?
How did you come up with the name Corpse Husband?
Is your VITAMINE A level okey???
did u watch endgame?
Will you ever face reveal?
do you really look like lil xan?
Wtf you're still alive?
did you watch endgame?
Is this your actual voice??
WHERE DO YOU GET YOUR HORROR BACKGROUND MUSIC FROM?
Are you gonna do any collabs soon?
What health problems do you have? If that isn’t too personal!
will you ever do a face reveal?
Do you have Merch?
will you do a face reveal ever?
So I thought you make the storys. Can you do a video where you make the storys?
I just got here what are the specifics on why you have been gone?
Corpse, Your voice is literally the best for horror and for light conversation... WHEN DID UR BALLS DROP?
can you tell a story about people noticing your voice ?
why don't you tell us your scary experience maybe 3?
is that a ur voice changer or ur real voice??????
Wait is it really a voice changer or is it your real voice?
What health problems do you have?
Wait wtf... it’s a voice changer? You’re kidding right?
You could make a Discord where we could discuss stories and such and interact with you all together? @Corpsy
is tha ur real voice?
holy shit you use a voice changer?
WHY THE HELL DO THEY WANT YOU TO MOAN? Pervs.
SO....WHAT DO U LOOK LIKE??? I'm NEW
how did you and jaiden animation meet???
What’s your living status like?
have you been able to see Bones live?
is that ur real voice??
When are you doing a collab with Mr.Nightmare ??
Do you have depression???
do you have a gaming console??? plz say yes!!!
just getting here man howre you feeling?
Which do you prefer: Chinese food or Italian?
is that ur real voice?
Bro arent you like 20 years old?
do u need TRUE stories?
Do you make a lot of money making these videos???
Can we get more bloopers on your extra channel?
Corpse are you still vegan?
Btw, did you ever do a face reveal since you hit a million subscribers?
What does the future hold for you now health wise?
Is there any particular story subject that you want to cover that you haven’t yet?
Has a fan ever actually identified you irl?
Can you say my name??
Did you watch endgame?
what are your pc specs/ what do you use to edit/post vids?
What race are you??
who makes your art?
Do you have a discord? Or a PO box? I'd like to talk to you and send you some fan mail
how do you keep up with all these comments in the chat??
did you get the home invasion story I emailed you?? from retsaszak@gmail.com
Why do you live in your own??
Corpse!!! Are you ever going to do a voice reveal ?
So no one has ever recognized your voice?
U have been playing vr chat huh?
Corpse! Are you vegan?
can you make it go high for us?
Can you do accents?
When are you going to post another story??
how deep can your voice go?
Can we hear your high voice?
Why are you even surprised?
Do women find your voice sexy?
What kind of bands do you listen to?
@Corpse Husband U HAVE STREAMLABS??/
Do you have a patreon?
will you do a face reveal?
hope you are doing better. any chance of new stories coming out from you?
when r u uploading next?
Will you do another Search and Rescue Story video?
Why are you surprised? Your army is a loyal one! We all love you
BRO WHAT UR FRIENDS WITH JAIDEN ANIMATIONS?
you hang out with people? seriously??
I wish we could se your face. Are u ever gonna reveal it?!
Can you tell us about your music?
People stop asking him to moan, wtf is wrong with you? Sexual harassment much
why didnt you do your stream with glam and gore???????????? @Corpse husband
did you get the home invasion story I emailed you by any chance?? from retsaszak@gmail.com or should I send it again.
Could you collaborate with Mykie after her hiatus?
I had to walk away from my phone for a sec! Did you every say yes or no to a face reveal?
You know jaiden animation?!!!!
You know the animation fam? That is so cool!
Do you live in Cali?
Have you ever been too scared or upset to complete a recording because of a particular story?
did other narrowtors contacted u a lot ??
Hm,sense your know Jayden Animations,would you happen to know TheOddsOnesOut?
What inspired your icon? It gives me vibes of frank from Donnie Darko lol
can you do a face reveal?
Is that your real voice?
have you ever been to Tennessee?
oh you were happy for 5 seconds? guess ur not depressed anymore... people are so dumb
How did you come up with the name?
Do you ever get scared by the stories you read?
what's causing your depression? Do you want to talk about it?
can you do a video on COLLEG HORROR STORIES?
WHERE DO YOU GET YOUR HORROR BACKGROUND MUSIC FROM??
ARE YOU GOING TO VIDCON THIS YEAR??????
your friends with lets read?
U live in Cali? Bet I’ll find u one day
what are you drinking?
Will we ever see your face?
anyway imma go bois, but before I do. Can you moan?
When is your birthday?
when r u uploading next????????????
Do you have patron?
do you have a babe face???
Are we ever gonna see what u look like?
I hate when people tell me you dont look depressed, im like what does that even mean ? LOOOL
@Corpse Husband you planning any colabs in the future?
what games do you play?
can you play some of your own music right now?
can u do a shout out to my boyfriend Julian? hes listening and hes one of ur biggest fans
Soo you say if you get 1M you do Face review ???
why u ignoring me m8??
If you don't mind me asking how did you meet Heyimbee?
Good god you're adorable! "can I play it?"
Are you friends with Rob Dyke still???
Have you ever thought about doing a meet and greet?
would you ever do a face reveal?
Do you have a Reddit????
how do u become a narrator ? any tips ?!
is hentai bad for you?
Do you barely start this livestream?
you make beats? Or vocals?
do you use FL studio?
you’re never doing a face reveal, right?
What music do you make? What genre?
Corpse Husband, have you considered collaborating with Let’s Read?
Do you smoke weed?
Do you fw Ghostemane at all?
What kind of music do you make?
@Corpse Husband heyyy remember me? So glad to hear from you!
Are you back for good?
dude holy shit are you friends with BONES?!?!?!
Does you’re channel drawings actually look like you or is it a character??
DO YOU LIKE LOKI???
What can you see, hear, and feel inside you right now and everything that surrounds you.?
Ever thought about going for a job as a voice actor? i bet they would really like your voice
what program do you use to compose music?
Are you a furry?
how do you get your beats?
how much do you smoke a day?
Can you make a discord?
Will you face reveal?
Do you have tik tok?
Are you mr creeps?
is that u taking a piss??
Do you produce on your own or do you have a producer?
Do u listen to Xavier wulf?
WHERE CAN I FIND YOUR MUSIC??
what software/equipment do you use for music?
can u repeat a sentence from any story for us ?!
what genre would you say this is?
would you ever collab with Demon Core?
where are you gonna release the music??
why not plug your mix take corpse???
ever think about hiring someone to voice ur stories for you?
would you consider monthly livestreams?
Have you ever thought about streaming on Twitch?
When are you going to start posting new videos? :)
Will you release them?
what do you mean? That was a fucking bop!
hey corpse I wasn't here at the start what happened to you?
Do you know Mr Nightmare?
What are some music artists you listen to?
Can you be my friend?
u use FL or Ableton?
dude we missed your vids! when will you come out with another forest ranger video ? I'm watchin you on tv an cant comment so I jumped on my phone
DO YOU LIKE GHOSTMANE??
will you ever do a Face reveal?
You fuck with jimmy wopo??
what do u use to make music?
u fuck with evilmane?
Do you fucks with $uicide boy$ then ?
Corpse Husband if your back can we start sending you scary stories ?
Did you kill Biggie Smalls?
do you like Scarlxrd?
Do you listen to old school such as NWA and EAZY maybe?
@Corpse Husband hey man do you still remember me?
do you like metal?
what are you spanish descent? madrid?
Have you ever heard of Killstation? He's a super awesome artist.
would you collab with Demon Core?
have u heard of yelawolf? hes my favorite rapper
do you fuck with Kill Bill the Rapper or Rav? Airospace might be right up your alley.
do you know Kamiyada?
@corpse husband You know Darkness Prevails?
u fk with 93feetofsmoke?
is that your actual voice or is it a deepener?
Can you moan please? Please moan
do you like kanye west????????????????
do you have hazel eyes?
you're southern aren't you?
How old are you corpsy?
will you do a fave reveal?
what type of music do you listen to?
what are your pc specs/what do you use to edit/post videos?
Are you ok know I mean your health?
Will you do another Search and Rescue video in the future?
do you fw agustd?
Will you ever do a face reveal ?!
Are you a 19 year old Latina female?
can i have your babies?
do you like kanye west?
how do you feel being back?
Hey are you doing okay? I missed you.
do you know guardin?
Would you ever do a face Reveal? If so,what milestone would you do it at?
will you reveal your face?
where have you been man?
will your ever release a video moaning?
Do you look like FNTM Sage?
do you like gaming?
@Corpse Husband do you remember me?
Idea when your gonna do a face reveal??
What part of California do you live in ?
do you have curly hair?
What is your real name?
what is your sexuality?
would you make a music channel?
How tall are you ?
Know that you are awesome? If u don’t now u do
when will you show your face?
I’m sorry, but did someone just ask you for an orgy???????????
what do you use to make your music?
is it weird that I assign your voice as my huge night elf gunslinger?...
can you speak Spanish?????!!!
Holy crap your hispanic?
when are you going to make another video?
are you coming back?
is that your actual voice?]\
What is your favorite color?
how tall are you ?
So you hablas español?
You’re Hispanic??? That’s surprising.
when will you do a face reveal??
What?? How do you have a VIT D deficiency if you have black hair??
Corpse! How do you feel now that you have 1 million subs?
will you do a face reveal????
why cant I find you on snapchat?
is this really your real voice?
is that your actual voice?
CAN I HAVE YOUR BABIES?
Who inspired you to start YouTube scary stories?
Have you seen the dirt??
what's up where have u been?
are u ever gonna do a face reveal ?
can you speak Spanish?
What sexuality are you?
Question: How fluent are you in Spanish?
do you lurk outside at night like dracula?
Can you speak Spanish?
Dude, I would totally buy your music, the little you just played was enough to know that. Would be awesome if you release some someday?
SO YOU'RE REALLY COMING BACK?
you listen to oliver tree?
Will you ever show us your face ?
if it's not too personal, why are you not close to your family?
Do you see yourself as a father?
When are you planning on uploading a new video?? If you answered this already I’m sorry. I’m late to the stream
What’s your steam name ?
You listen to NF man??
are you gonna drop the music you played???
Why are u so adorable?
do you like Vic Mensa?!
CAN YOU SAY SOME SENTENCES?
Do you listen to xxxtentacion?
how old are you?
I might just be a complete idiot but what’s the story behind your channel name?
WHY HAVE YOU BEEN GONE?
What languages do you speak?
How tall are you????
Your friends with a Corney dude, that is involved in the UG rap game? ummm Adam22???
would you come to Houston?
are u a virgin?
Do you like Kanye West?
What’s your favorite Mexican dish?
missed you so much????
Nice, that's cool that your learning Spanish! :D how long have you been studying? :)
Why are you single ?
When's your next upload? Been a while. miss you
Do you not want a girlfriend?
Is your favorite food still Vegan Pizza?
what do you use to make music?
how old are u ?
How talk are you?
You ever listen to blessed?
Why do you think you’ll be forever be single?
You live in Los Angeles?
Whats your favorite book?
@Corpse Husband do you remember me? I missed you man
will you do a face reveal??
How tall are you, Corpse?
What do you mean ' never not be single ' ?
Hey corpse, do you see steam messages? I sent you one saying im happy for you
Have you heard Kamiyada?
What is your favorite book?
93feetofsmoke? what u think about him
Will you and Lazy ever collab again?
do you like GHOSTEMANE?
What types of stories are your favourite?
Will you ever do a face reveal? Just curious. :)
Do you say you’d always be single cause you think no girl likes you? Or cause you do not want a relationship?
did you seriously think we wouldn't he here???
how tall are you papi?
Do you have sort of relationship with Mr.Nightmare? Would you ever do a collaboration with him in the near future for your return?
Where in California do you live ?
Did you ever play WoW? And If you ever regain full control of your arms, will you ever play WoW Classic?
ARE YOU AN INTROVERT OR EXTROVERT?
WHEN NEXT STORIES VIDEO?? You are my fav just no uploads
did u watch any good show? umbrella academy is good!
do you like Greafer?
are you making an official comeback?
DO YOU ACTUALLY READ YOUR EMAILS?
YO CORPSE? WILL YOU EVER DO A FACE CAM ?? ALSO! YOU'RE MY FAV HORROR STORY NARRATOR! FORM THE FIRST TIME I HEARD YOU I FELL IN LOVEEE!!!
Do you like BTS?
Do you like shore line mafia ?
Have you heard Kamiyada?'
Do you have a musically?
Do you like Chillz?
do you know Cryoatic?
What inspired your dude with the bunny mask?
Corpse are we good to send you stories now that your back ???
WILL YOU EVER DO A FACE REVEAL?
do you like GHOSTEMANE??
DO YOU ACTUALLY READ YOUR FAN EMAILS???
Why did u stop recording? I just vane here
Who was that youtuber that sounded like you?
will you ever show your face?
What is your favorite place to shop for clothes?
Hey Corpse, how tall are you?
what s ur favorit type of stories to read?
What part of the US are you in?
what do you think about CHILLZ?
do you wanna have kids?
Would you ever do a face reveal? I’m just curious. UwU.
Who in your family gave you such a deep voice?
can you pronounce tahlor? no one can :)
Have you ever considered teaming up with an animator? I mean....your stories already scare the hell outta me, but I'm just wondering
Do you even lift bro?
are u going to make kids merch?
are u american ?
Do you say you will always be single cause you think no girl will like you,or because you do not want a relationship??
DID YOUR VOICE FELL FROM THE VENDING MACHINE? CAUSE YOU SOUNDIN LIKE A SNACCCCC
Where do you find your stories from???
Why did u stop putting out stuff? I just came here
wuddup man? what kind of music do you make
im just a very recent subscriber and i was like oh ffs now i found this guy and he is gone? ffs. thank goodness you are back
when will you reveal your face?
Quick request and my apologies if I missed it earlier - can you say "Trans rights"?
What book would you say has impacted you the most?
Who is your favorite horror youtuber?
Ok. How much u weight? Are u tall?
Do you space pants bro??
if youd want to release music eventually and wanted to collab, what would be your ideas?
@Corpse Husband Hey corpse, do you see steam messages? I sent you one saying im happy for you
have you already talked about why you’ve been gone,,,, or??
damn you can do a backflip?
are you're farts as deep as your voice?
Do you read Berserk? You and Miura know how to hiatus like a boss.
Do you watch game of thrones?
Did u watch endgame.??
What's your fav animal ?
how tall are you??
Would you ever try asmr ? lol
YOU DON'T HAVE VEINS?
Quick question, do you like Dragon Ball?
do you have tattoos?
Can you release the calm song?
are you farts as deep as your voice?
Is this ur real voice ?
Your avatar is based/similar to you right?
How tall are you-?
Do you know Set It Off? Or Panic! At The Disco?
Did u watch endgame.?
Do you even space pants bro?
joji? so you look like papa franku?
I bit my dads toe off I will send you the story Face reveal??
When are you gonna colab?
What time is it in your country right now?
Have you ever been stalked bro?!
Your avatar is based/similar to you irl right?
Do you have an animal friend? If not you should get a cat
DID YOUR VOICE FELL FROM THE VENDING MACHINE? CAUSE YOU SOUNDIN LIKE A SNACC!!
do you watch anime?
Have you ever been to New Mexixo?
are your farts as deep as your voice?
How have u been Corpse?
Have you ever been to New Mexico?
How tall are you??
Why did u stop putting out stuff?
Your hands???? The thing about fetishes...nvrmd
Are your farts as deep as your voice? I gotta know!
What is the scariest experience you’ve had?
You like rock music?
What's your real name?
What’s your favorite types of stories to narrate?
IS THIS YOUR REAL VOICE?????
does it bother you that your being somewhat sexualize?
do you like slipknot?
@corpse husband still peeing without using your hands??
how do u find ur music?
how have you been man?
What's your first name? I wish I could call you something other than "Corpse" lol @Corpse Husband
what is the thing you hate about being a youtuber?
do you love to watch any true crime youtubers?
Do you write your own stuff???
you have no family??
Do you say you will always be single cause you think no girl will like you or cause you don’t want a relationship?
What do you think about Lazy Masquerade?
How did you and mykie become friends?
have you ever considered voice acting?
What’s your social security number?
what kind of music do you make?
WHERE R U STAYING?
Did you disown your family?
you wana play some r6?
why dont you have any family?
why are you and your family not close?
Do u play Fortnite????????
why were you away?
will you do a collab with lazy?
what happened to you?!
Are you secretly Freddy Krueger from Slashstreet Boys?
Do you write your own stuff????
Why are you afraid of making friends irl?
how long are you going be on live ?
What is your name???????????????
Whats your favorite mineral/rock/gemstone?
WHY ARE YOU AND YOUR FAM NOT.CLOSE?? IF ITS NOT PERSONAL
do you watch anime and what's your favorite?
have you thought about using twitch?
can you elaborate on your double life? like people don't know you make videos?
You fuck with Dr. Creepen?
what about your mom? she's family
are you in Texas??
Where are you from?
why dont you live with family or friends?
why you and fam not close? or too personal?m
Do you write your own stuff??????????
do you believe in ,what you read ?
Corpse, are you a fan of Nirvana?
Will you collab in the future with the horror fam?
will you collab with lazy?
Do you duck w Prof or Cashinova?
Have you seen the pokemon movie?
Are ur stories real?
What was your favorite meme of 2018?
What are your next videos on?
You fuck with NWA?-Carlos
Will this be posted on your YouTube after?
Do you live alone?
Any ciber-criminal organization after U ?
So what exactly happened to you corpse? You dissappered out of nowwhere?
remember when you got pulled over a screamed on snap? lolll good times
Do you have any tattoos?
How y’all are you??
Shout out for my friend Kayden Coleman? I missed you!!!
How hard has it been finally for you being gone?
so you are an asshole?
having over a million subscribers, does youtube not pay you?
Holy shit man you've been through some shit havent you?
What made you want to drop out ?
U got a G.E.D. @ least ?
Do you live by yourself? Do you have anyone to help take care of you while you’re not feeling well?
so are you going to keep making videos from now on?
Shoutout for my friend Kayden Coleman? I missed you?
Why did you drop out? And why were you getting kicked out of schools?
Why did you drop out?
what kind of job do you do apart from yt ?
what about your parents???????
Damn at 12? Dude you’re fucking amazing
Are you an only child?
why did you get kicked out?
would you ever go back to school??
Shoutout for my friend Kayden Coleman? I missed you!!!
where did u get channel name corpse bride?????
hey corpse how are you and where have you been? i miss your vids... watched all of them and even opened a channel inspired by you
what about your parents?????
Shoutout for my friend Kayden Coleman? I missed you!
So your real name's corpse? Pretty epic
Do you have any piercings or tattoos?
so do you have a GED? or did you just like fuck it all to hell?
Were you ever in a metal band???
Have you considered collaborating with Let’s Read?
What is your name?
How old are u?
How's your vit A???
Is towards still super funny to you?
Hey corpse can I get a shoutout? I loved ur creepy stories in the woods. The stairs in the woods were so spooky!I love it, keep it up
Do you like kitty Cats?
Are you into Metal?
Do you have any tattoos corpse??
what about ur dad?
Shout out for my friend for Kayden Coleman? I missed you !!!
Can you do voice impressions?
Wtf???? The cops would take you to school????
what about your parents ?
Shout out for my friend Kayden Coleman? I missed you !!!!
When will u be making new stories? How long u think til u drop something new?!
would you ever consider voice commissions?
WHY R U SAYING YOU'LL BE SINGLE FOREVER???
What are your FAVORITE tTYPE of stories to narrate? I hope you get to feeling better soon. . Health and happiness matters!
What’s your name? I
So glad to hear your voice again Corpse! You play any video games?
Why does your voice gives me the chills with horror stories, but right now is super relaxant?
So where have you been? YOU FUCKING LEFT OUTTA NOWHERE
Are you the romantic type ?
What's going on with you dog?
What was your passionate hobby other than YouTube?
what's your opinion on rock/metal music?
What's ur real name?
Are you a virgin?
WHERE DID YOU GO?
How’d you get your name?
You're half Mexican? Ayeee
HOW COME YOU LEFT? I WASN"T HERE FOR THAT
Do you speak Spanish?
do you have any tattoos?
Do you watch anime?
why'd you drop out of middle school?
why is your life so wild?
Do you dislike going out into nature like hiking??
Shoutout for my friend Kayden Coleman? I missed you, please notice me...
Do you go to the gym????
how did you and mykie meet??????????
What’s your favourite types of stories???
What is ur snap?
are there any photos of what you look like?
Would you go hiking with me??????
Can you pronounce my name ?????
have u tried smoking weed???
Shout out for my friend Kayden Coleman? I missed you! please notice my message
Do you know llama Arts?
What an average day in your life like?
@Corpse Husband Wym with u raised urself? Did ur Parents left u or how do you mean that i didn´t really understood that
you back man? missed you so much
Do you have anyone to help take care of you?
Tell us your most embarrassing moments ?
Is towards still funny to you?
Have you ever considered doing ASMR videos?
Do you know when your next upload is?
What’s your favorite movie?
TELL US YOUR NAME?
do you drink ?
what's your opinion on rock or metal music?
Love the colab with Graveyardgirl, will you do it again?
What's the lowest your voice can go?
you're still a virgin??
how Old are you now?
are you still vegan, Corpse?
Would you go hiking with me???
Have you thinked of making any more streams on twitch?
Shout out for my friend Kayden Coleman? I missed you!
how OLD are you now?
have you tried CBD? I use it for anxiety and back pain.
I really like you, can I DM you on Insta? Are you okay with that?
have you ever wanted to be on chilling tales for dark nights?
you and your mom are only together?
whys your voice so deep?
Hello, omg you’re back ???
Are you still hunching your back to talk on the blue yeti mic?
Holy shit you were REALLLY not that ok back then were you? i know this will come off as offensive but i dont mean it to be
have you had your first alcohol?
¿¿¿first letter of your name???
Why did you have to raise yourself? Where were your parents and/or siblings??
so you're about 20 now?
Do you have a favorite Podcast?
Javier what did I tell you about telling your story to everyone?
do you actually have a partial Donnie darko rabbit mask?
Do you have a pet?
Were you a outcast in your younger days????
When will you live stream next?
Corpsey if you read this, would you say my name out loud??? (I would like to see if you can
FAVORITE TYPE OF STORIES TO NARRATE? And do you yourself enjoy love listening to other horror stories?
Do you still know this weird language?
I don't know, but I drew a Corpse Husband fan art and tried to send it to your Gmail inbox. Did you get it?
Do you still remember your language?
Do you own a bed now???????
So.... If it wasn't for us you might've been in one of those crazy stranger horror stories on youtube :D?
Dos mykie knows your face?
What do you think about rob changing his last name?
Do you really look like Frank from Donnie Darko?? Been wondering about that for years now
yo man its been so long since ive heard you,when you coming back?
What made you pick the name corpse husband for your channel ?
Is that the reason you hate sleep Corpse? Because you have insomnia?
do u have tattos ???
Hey, Corpsey, at what point in your life was it when your voice *DROPPED*?
When will you do a face reveal??
How close are you with Rob Dyke?
will you make consistent videos? if so each whats the schedule?
When will you do a face reveal?
you watch loiter squad?
I really can’t wait for your stores. I will always listen to them. How long u think til u start making stories again???
Does doing live-streams like this take a lot out of you? Or does it kinda lift your spirits?
I missed you!!! Shoutout for my friend Kayden Coleman?
can you genderbend your voice in the case?
are you back for good??
I missed you!!! Shout out for my friend Kayden Coleman?
where have u been?
bro how u been?
isnt there that one dude who actually sounds like you? And people thought you were the same dude
How close are you to Rob Dyke?
will you make a comeback?
Did you see Let’s Read do the Chills Impression ?
do you know the muffin man?
or real talk here,do you watch anime or read manga?
Can you put a link to your new gmail in your new video?
hey girl what is your ring size? XD
what kind of things do you like?
can u do a search and rescue stories?
Have you had fan stalkers before?
what other youtubers we wouldnt expect you to be friends with?
Remember the toilet seat cover and plastic spoons you got from China???
Will you accept a letter written on black paper with pretty blue glitter ink?
you hear of Dead Bug ?
Do you remember wishing me happy birthday on snapchat? Well probably not, but it made me so happy on my birthday so thank you again :)))))
HAVE YOU EVER RECEIVED INT'L PARCELS?
Are you friends with Cryotic?????
How many siblings do u have?
YOU'VE HAD DINNER WITH JACK?
where have you been?
isnt there that on guy, who actually sounds like you? he made like a video about it? i dont know man
are you friends with Beyonce?
Have you ever met loey lane?
Why is your voice so deep?
Why were u so nervous??? U are doing amazing
Are you friends with Mr.Nightmare ?
Do you still have you’re bloopers In a file somewhere?
Are you friends with Cryotic???
do you know any other horror YouTubers?
DO YOU KNOW IDLEGLANCE?
Can you tell us about the new video??
What's your favorite color, dude? I wanna know
Are you friends with Lazy Masquerade?
Do you have anxiety?
do you remember which video Cry was in?
Can you do a “draw my life” sometime?
Can you confirm whether it's a voice changer or not??
Can you tell us about the new video?
Are you friends with Idleglance ?????????
if you weren't called Corpse Husband what would you have chosen your name to be?
does your dad have a deep voice?
what are your favorite type of rings?
Could you say how you met JackSepticEye?
do you play video games? r6?
can we send you stories now???
do you know anyone from grumps?
you friends with dead bug ?
Do you still talk to lazy masquerade?
do you play video games?
are you friends with Tan Mom?
WHAT?? Favorite Horror Narrator, AND my favorite YouTuber?? OMG Would you mind sharing the story?
What's your favorite color?
Do you listen to other horror narrators, just for entertainment?
dumb question,are you black or white?
hey mate, do you do spoken voice bits ?
Where did you go?
what kinds music do you listen to?
is it ok to send you a letter? nothing creepy I promise
so um....you like grass???
Are you going to vidcon this week?
How this started? I mean how did you decided that you will read stories? I'm kind of curious
HOW TALL ARE YOU?
have you ever been to Ireland?
Do you still play games with Mykie? I'm glad your back!
Corpse Husband, if you see this, are you going to vidcon in july?
Can you call me your baby? Lol
Do you live in the USA?
Do you ever write back to letters?
are you friend with let's read ?
corpse do you still do parkor?
can you high voice?
Has that channel where some dude stole your content been striked?
SO WHEN WILL U BE COMING OUT W VIDEOS!?
You live in the USA?
Are u friends with Bee?
Can you moan for us?
what's your favorite color?
Do you know Let's Read?
have you ever been to Texas? if so, do you like Whataburger?
do you happen to know dark somnium?
Have you ever shared your somewhere and can we see it?
corpse do you remember me from the comments?
so are you going to make more content again?
how did you meet jaiden animation?
Can you post more search and rescue stories?
Hello There Corpse Husband, how's your day?
Do you play Fortnite?
ARE YOU FRIENDS WITH DEAD BUG?
How’d you come up with your YouTube name?
whats your real name? (:
Do you play games?
Do you live in USA?
Do you recognize me from twitter? OriginalOGThomas?
What happened to u ? I only just joined the stream
When’s your next upload?
whats your real name? (:whats your real name? (:whats your real name? (:whats your real name? (:whats your real name? (:whats your real name? (:whats your real name?
Have you ever made friends with any of your followers?
What’s your favorite color?
CAN YOU SAY MY NAME BEFORE I HAVE TO LEAVE? PLEASE IT WOULD MAKE MY YEAR!
Do you remember me ??! Honestly I wanna try to narrate stories since you inspired me to do so
So why have you been gone ?
do you have a discord?
you friends with Urmaker?
do you have social anxiety???
hey mate,do you do spoken voice bits?
do u draw ur pfps?
what would you recommend for workouts? i am trying to loss weight
when do you think the scary stories will be back? Need lots of new scary stories??
YOU'RE FRIENDS WITH DAVE!!?!?!?!?!
You in the USA?
are your stories on Spotify?
Corpse can you moan for us?
Do you actually own the mask your avatar has on?
how do you know roomie and Dave?
Do you have any tips for someone looking to improve their reading voices? I would love to become a narrator
Would you ever play games with fans?
who draws your avatar?
hey mate, do you do spokenvoice bits ?
Is youtube your only job?
There are fucking fanfics of u???? What the hell
YOU ARE LOVED . how short are you man?
When is your next new video?
Can you please say, ' I love you Maddy ' ????
whats the best barration you've ever told?
hey mate, do you do spoken voice bits ?.
do u play mobile games?????.....????????????????
Can you try to say my name Porfirio?
Dude.... when you say "ALL You info...", like, exactly how MuCH information???
hey mate,do you do spoken voice bits ?
Hol up! there someone pirating your stream?! well that what i call toping off online pirates. shit.
WHAT THREE WISHES WOULD U WANT?
hey mate, do you do spoken voice bits?
what's gonna be your upload schedule?
IS THERE ANY PHOTOS OF YOU ON INTERNET?
hey mate, do you do spoken voice bits ?..
Who came up with Donnie Darko inspired look? You or your artist??
*hey mate, do you do spoken voice bits ?*
What's your favorite story you've read?
Bruh. You're already 70% water and 30% testosterone. how much more water do you need?
YOU STILL DO THAT SHIT?
why dont you go outside?
can you add me on Snapchat? it's fallawayvi
¿ R U like Edward No-hands ?
how in the heckbob you do that with no hands? anyone knows?
why dont you upload anymore?
Ever notice that you can sound evil as fuck at times?
Do you ever creep yourself out? With all that you hear about, In the middle of the night when you can’t sleep.
Corpse do you recognize me from twitter OriginalOGThomas? Hope you have a fantastic rest of your day!
when exactly will you be back?
what happened? where did you go?
Are you ready to take back the throne the horror narration game again? @Corpse Husband
What is your disease?
Will you collab with lazy again in the future?
Ever noticed that you can sound evil as fuck at times?
how'd you come up with the name Corpse Husband? super cool name btw
Why do you think your a shitty persone? The way you talk you seem like you are a great person.
what’s your favorite stores ?
Who came up with the idea of the Donnie Darko look? You or your artist? Also love your content. Been a fan for years
You were talking about moving out earlier?
Is there a story that you felt was relatable to something you experienced in your personal life?
corpse what stories do you dislike and not like to read?
Have you heard how evil you can sound sometimes?
are you gonna make a gaming channel?
WHEN EXACTLY WILL YOU BE BACK CORPSE?
Remember I asked you to give me a senior quote last year?? IT MADE IT IN MY YEARBOOK HAHAH
Have you been seeing any stairs in the woods?
hey mate, do you do spoken voice bits ?...
HEY! CAN YOU PLEASE SAY MY NAME ?! ' Maddy'
Have you ever been stalked ???
have you ever streamed on twitch?
What’s your demographic like?
Where’s the farthest you’ve traveled?
hey mate, do you do spoken voice bits ?,...........
Do u like in n out?
do you need more thumbnail art?
Where did you get the name corpse husband?
where your family live?
did you listen to igor?
Are you gonna do a long story video again?
..........hey mate, do you do spoken voice bits ?.............
you still listen to bones ?
Are you gonna do a long story video again like hired a hit man?
What got you into horror content if you’re not a big fan of movies?
when are u uploading next???????????
omg Its actually you???
Do you have a piano that you can play a little right now?
do you know dr creepen?
can you do dark weeb stories please?
when r u uploading?????????
How did you get your name “Corpse_Husband”?
What's your favourite horror story? Perhaps your favourite genre?
●••Do you game? If so what game are you currently playing?••●
What songs can you play on piano?
THIS IS YOUR REAL VOICE RIGHT? Arguing with my friend
Do you have any pets ?
are you my friend corpsey?
-----------hey mate, do you do spoken voice bits ?_---------
Do you know Mr.Nightmare, Mr.Haunted and Being Scared???????
Do you have animals?
what are your thoughs on transgender amd how can we make our stories?
you ever had mango pepsi?
what is this "Spooky Dad" Thing about? Can you tell me because I honestly don't know if it's an inside jokeI just don't get
Corpse can you please say my name since I'll have to go soon ?! ' Maddy !! '
what two animals would you combine?
why do you keep saying oodles and oodlesz?
What will your next videos stories be about?
would you share my story ever?
have you ever thought of doing bedtime stories readings? i mean... i do use these for bedtime stories but ya know...
-----....hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.....
Have you ever considered doing radio or acting dude?
Have you ever tried a Brotein shake?
@Corpse Husband do you ever listen to other horror narrators content?
were you an edgy teen in highschool?
do you do ur own art for ur character or thumbnails?
Hey! I am a big fan! I really like the ASMR quality, and I want to make videos like that, can you tell me what Microphone you are using? etc
-----....hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.........
Do you watch horror films? If so, have a favorite?
Corpse Husband Have u seen endgame?
How was your social life in high school?
-----....hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.......-
How did you get your name Corpse_husband?- Carlos
-----....hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----..,,,,...
what is your favourite movie ever?
do you believe in the stuff you read ?
What do you like getting in the mail?
what r u studying?
@Corpse Husband HOW IT IS TO LIVE WITH THAT VOICE? I MUST BE NORMAL FOR YOU BUT FOR US WOULD BE DOPE AF
//-----..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---.....//
How did you come up with the name corpse husband? You are the Best bro, so happy you are back!
do you need help with thumbnail art? can we help?
u remember that old short video of u screaming for getting a speeding ticket?
are you still friends with Lazy Masquerade?
Why did you kicked you out ???
Have you ever had a GIRLFRIEND?
//-----..--/-..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---./....//
WHAT THREE WISHES WOULD U WANT ?
Do you know Mr.Nightmare, Mr.Haunted and Being Scared? (Love ur vids btw)
You know you have 1/2 the planet looking for stair cases in the woods right??
can u just call my name once? love from indiaaaa
How did you get kicked out? What was the worst thing you did to get kicked out?
//----..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?---.---.....//
What are some things you’ve tried to help you sleep?
//-------..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?---.---.....//
why r u ignoring me?
Do you ever consider going back to school?
what are your thoughs on transgender and how we can send them knowing we arent biologically that gender we indentify as now?
Do you have a favorite horror video game?
//--k-..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?--.---.....//
●•••Have you ever had a paranormal encouter? •••●
Is your name inspired by Corpse's Bride? Lol.
@Corpse Husband do you have Sleep paralysis?
How did you get your name “CorpseHusband”? -Carlos
Do u play Fortnite?
//-----/---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---...//
did fans ever made youtube video's about you?
Have you ever been sent some not so innocent fan mail?
when are you dropping your snippet?????
//--..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?---.---.....//
@Corpse, can i call dibs on eating your throat when you pass on one day far from now?
will you do more dark weeb stories?
Are you going to edit this stream down and posst the highlights for the people who couldn't catch it today?
Did you ever get recognized in public because of your voice ?
where can i send you fan art?
when are you dropping your snippet???
//-----.fff.---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---.....//
How the HELL would people not comment on your voice??!!! o.O
@TM Xeon what is your resting heart rate?
Have you considered collaborating with Let’s Read again?
Do you have brown, green or blue eyes?
whats your favorite video game?
//-----..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.....//
//-----..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?--.---.....//
is your favorite movie corpse bride?
Do people recognize your voice in public?
//----.---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---.....//
WHAT THREE WISHES WOULD U MAKE?
when would you upload next?
Do you ever post stories that someone makes up?
brooo when are you dropping your snippet?
//-----..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?----.....//
//-----..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---.....//...
Whats your favorite topic to read? @Corpse Husband
why do you hate shroud?
//-----..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---.....///////
What do you do for fun?
Are you going to edit this stream down and post the highlights for people who couldn't catch the stream today?
//--..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---.....//
will u ever make a discord?
would you call out ure indian fan pls???????
@Corpse Husband Are you completely well now boi ? Also any deepweb goodness coming up ?
Have you ever had a GIRLFRIEND??
why do you live a double life? I don't really understand..
Where do u shop at? Random question af
did u already say where uv been then? ?
Have you ever thought about clapping some butt cheeks?
What's the first letter of your name?
will u ever do a video on Windowgos and skinwalkers?
i just joined, question are you still going to post vids ?
when is the next time u r going to do a horror story ?
Are you a gamer??
You fuck with Zillakami?
//-----..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?
@Corpse, when one day you pass away. . Could i eat your throat and voicebox?
If you could have only one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Corpse I’ve been watching for 2 or 3 years what made you decide to make horror story content????
Whats your favorite genre of music?
What system do you play?
whats your favorite games? xdxd
Does your tribe believe in skinwalkers?
When will you be posting a new video?
DO YOU PLAY DIII??????????
You part skin walker?
Corpse Will you please say my name!?
DO YOU LIKE FORTNITE?
What tribe are you?
how many kids do you want ?
OMG are you ojicree?
●•••What game are you currently playing????•••●
If you could travel anywhere, where would it be?
//------..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---.....//
If you read this, do you remember me from Snapchat? Just wondering lol
sorry did you get years of health problems as like familial Karma or some shit?
Can you moan pleaseeeee????????
//-.---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---.....//
//-----..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---...
//..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---.....//
I’m still following you, for years now. You’re by far my favorite narrator. I wonder, is your voice naturally deep like that or are you using some voice processing software?
WAT ARE YOU FUCKEN GAY???
What music do u listen to?
Are you friends with Mr. Nightmare?
If I were to write a few stories and email them to you, would you at least read them?
Are you kidding me?!
are you a hawt extraterrestrial?
Will you ever show your face to us?
Why do you think you’re a bad person?
WOULD THREE WISHES WOULD U MAKE?
I do expect you to be male, is that an high expatiation?
/.---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?-----.---.....//
//-----..---..hey mate, can I hire you to do spoken voice bits for experimental dark music ?----
how would you describe your own mental growth? like a synopsis of your own character development.
Would you ever consider making a try not to laugh challenge??
Can you do a voice reveal?
Whats the weirdest shit people have sent you?
DO YOU HEAR ME? YOULL ALWAYS BE OUR SEXY CUTE SPOPPY HUBBY
are you secretly Lil Pump?
Hey Corpse where can I send you a email that is not a story?
Do you have FB, uh Twitter?? We may see you
Corpse, Do you laugh when a stories says "I'm an 18 year old female"?
what are your specs/what do you use to edit/make videos?
@Corpse Husband Can you moan? For us?
Do you find it annoying if someone made too much fan art for you and sends it to your mail?
@Corpse Husband Do you have a personal favorite story?
can u teach us the language tho???
Do you Drugs? lol
were you like the guy on grandmoms boy? buying robot legs
are you a Christian ?
When's the next story coming out? Been listening for 3 years man glad to see your doing well
can i be your son?
Why haven’t you been on?
Who's your favorite Marvel villian????
I know you prolly wont see this, but by any chance do you remember me from Snapchat?
Hey corpse do you have any tattoos, if you don’t do you want any?
where have you been for so long?! personally I was worried cause I really enjoy your videos!
do you like baguettes?
what color are your eyes?
do you like bands like green day?
How do you feel about my name?
Do you have a personal favorite story?
How do you eat the booty like it’s birthday cake?
I know you prolly wont see this. but do you by chance remember me from Snapchat? I'll stop now lol
Do you listen to MJK???
can you read in spanish???
Do you listen to MJK??
Whats your favorite food ?
Can you say I’m gay in spanish?
@corpse DID YOU ENJOY THE SEARCH N RESCUE STORIES U READ?
Have you heard let’s read doing his Chills Impression?
Will this video be available when you aren't live anymore?
Hey if you could go anywhere where would you go and why ?(glad to see you back btw ^^)
Do your browse /r/NoSleep? There's a few I've seen that you would be great narratoring!
Have you ever sold Taces?
How do you manage your insomnia, Corpse?
Do you remember me from snapchat by chance?
did u say u are 21?
are you ever gonna do a livestream with eden again?
when will you post a new video of stories????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
how you do not like baguettes???
how have you been ?
Hey corpse you got any tattoos???
what music do you listen to?
Do you still like the Cubone? I can draw another one for you
Do you remember any of your made up language?
how old are you ?
can you do demon stories?
Where do you get your music for videos? Also love you ant happy you’re doing good!-Carlos
What do you think about henna tattoos?
I got a creepy ass story for ya Corpse! Do you have any preferences to how things are written?
How long did it take for you to gain popularity at the beginning??
Do you watch anime ?
U get off the doinkis??
Are you still into parkour n shit? I remember you used to post videos of you like jumping around on roofs and everyone thought you were gonna die
picture of your rings? no face reveal just rings lol
Do you prefer indica or sativa???
Hey corpse do you have any tattoos?
U watch any anime?
would you ever do a video with Mykie?
I might just be an idiot but what’s the story behind your channel name?
What the heck people are still asking you to moan ???
when is your goal to post the next video?!
So where have u been ?
Lemme ask an question so,,,, Where do you wanna travel?
What ANIME r u watching rn?
Do you watch anime???
@Corie Johnson WHEN WILL WE SEE YOUR FACE AGAIN? XD
Do you have any tattoos corpse?
@Corpse Husband WHEN WILL WE SEE YOUR FACE AGAIN?
So if we still have stories do we still send them to you???
Why is everyone telling you to moan?!
Aren't you glad to be back? Being thrown money and told to moan~
Why people asking you to moan??
when will you upload more stories??????????????????????????????????????????????????? love you man glad your back man!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can you sing for us?
Have you ever been to Texas? if so, what is your experience??
Do you have any pets?
What the fuck is with wanting you to moan?
Remember the 'CorpseHusband-without-a-mask' video a friend of mine tweeted to you?
How do you feel that people masterbate to your videos?
have you ever been to New Mexico?
Are you an animal lover? (Pets.)
Is it weird for you to say “i am a 14 year old girl “ in every fucking story ??
psssst if you could go anywhere in the world where and why ?
what color are your eyes??
DO YOU LIKE BAGUETTES YES OR NO???
Did you get that copycat channel gone yet ?
Hi how you been?
is your p.o. box still open?
Do you have any tattoos or piercings???
Corpse why did you make this kind of content?
someone did a face reveal video of you - is it true?
how do you have such a deep voice? what do you eat and drink!?
@Corpse Husband Where do you get your horror music from?
Laugh, please? We wanna hear you happy, clappy man
What have I missed? I just joined the chat. I hope you’re coming back Corpse (new vid soon I mean)
Why do people want you to moan?
Did corpse bride inspire your name?
Would you moan for my rent check this month?
is there a narrator you'd like to collaborate with?
imagine if that was your son..would you want ppl asking him to moan? or if this was a woman or girl? 2 way street ppl . STOP THE MADNESS
Corpse how old are u? I thourght I heard u say u are 21 but.. det are u?? I have missed u so much and Im happy ure back.
cORPSE if I wanna draw fanart for you where can I send it uwu?
Hey Corpse, do you like the band Korn?
how do you have such a deep voice?
What does your name start with?
don't you wanna get this bread???
can i email you a funny picture of myself?
did you play vr chat as a black cat?
What color are your eyes?
have u been diagnosed with anything besides anxiety?
How long are you on for today?
Do you need any help with thumbnails for your video's? Can we help with that?
Why the hell is everyone asking you to moan??
does it bother you that people call you “daddy” or tell you to moan? :-//
you going to upload a new video? lol
are u gonna drop music soonish?
Why will YouTube hate u ?.
did corpse bride inspire your name?
did you play vr chat with a black cat avatar?
Whats the favorite book you have read?
would u like a drawing of that Guy with snacks and guns?
Would you accept horror stories that aren’t true? (Like short stories that people have written)
Does is bother u that people ask u to moan?
You watched Avengers Endgame and what was your favorite part??????? :-)
Is this staying on your channel?
How much do you weigh?
what kind of music do u listen to?
do you have any pets?
which would do you prefer: US or Get Out?
can u read a story while on live ?
Are you selling any merchandise I would love to buy some ?
How y’all are u?
lol are there a wiki of u?
arent your eyes green?
HOW TALL ARE U?
Are you morbidly obese?
Have you ever been ab;e to seduce people with your voice?
What’s the story behind your channel name?
Have you seen S. Darko?
What is your snap code/ name?
do you know de wae?
If you could steal an avenger's powers which one would you and why?
What do you post on Instagram??
Do you even space pants bro???
When are you posting again?
WHAT DO YOU POST ON INSTAGRAM?
Have you ever been able to seduce people with your voice????
hey bro can you say my name?
who's your favourite author?
DO YOU EVEN SPACE PANTS BRO?
your eyes are green????
What’s ur favorite food??
Do you have any tattoos or piercings?
Are you ever going to consider releasing your music?
What do you think about BAKI?
If you could travel anywhere, what place would it be?
Do you have any tattoos or piercings??!!!
Would you accept horror stories that’re fiction (like short stories that people have written)?
What's your favorite food?? ••●
What is your favourite meal to cook?
Are u an aesthetic boy?
@corpse_husband yoooo can u do a quick tldr version of where u been? just got here about 15 mins ago
are you a vegan?
Are you ever gonna face reveal?
have you listened to the creepypasta "Lily Madwhip"?
If you had to live off one food only, what would it be?
When are you gonna do a face reveal?!
do they have you on gabapentin or neurontin? that's what I take for fibromyalgia
Do you remember me from Snapchat by chance? I hope you do
can you tell us your own most scary experience??
What inspired your name?
would you go gay for liam hemsworth?
Can you read cursive?
Can you sing? You sound like a bass
Will you save the livestream, please? Cuz I’m so late but I don’t want to miss a thing, and I want to know everything helped
why wont you do a face reveal ?
What do you do for fun besides internet stuff?
Corpse Husband can you be my friend!? please you cool...
are you going to do a face raveal?
what celeb do you resemble the most?
Do you respond to letters?
do you take gabapentin (neurontin) for the fibromyalgia? thats what I take for it....missed you!!
You don't do creepypasta though?
Hey I just got here, are you gonna keep posting spooky stories?
can you tell us one of your own personal scary experiences?
How are you doing?
Do you listen to cannibal corpse?
How did you end the hitmen coming?
what are specs/what do you use to edit/make videos?
What’s your ring size?
will you ever be willing to read more creepypasta stories if I sent any to your new email to send stories to?
Would you do True Crime ever???
Oh, god. You have fibro? That sucks! I have it, too.
Do you get anxious knowing some people might recognize you in public ? Or do you not care?
Can we help with thumbnails for your video's?
you want a voice that husbando? just be a pack a day smoker for years! worked for my grandpa. jk don't actually
Why is your voice creepy but relaxing?
Are you planning to do more live chats????
DO YOU GET CREEPY LETTERS OFTEN? LIKE FROM THIRSTY CHICKS? lol
please tell us a scary story of your own?
What type of merch do you have?! I gotta look into buying some. I love you so much
If I sent you homemade cookies would you eat them?
Have you ever owned a car?
Who’s your favorite horror narrator?
Would you go gay for liam hemsworth?
ayy corpse what made you start your channel??
WHATS YOUR SHOE SIZE?
what are you're 3 fave colors? another fan asked in the comments to make you a bracelet....
WHY DO YOU LIKE DONNIE DARKO?
Can you do a live CreepyPasta???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
can you do a story right now?
Do you watch any shows on Netflix?
Do you play any games?
What’s your favorite type of earrings to wear???
Would you ever reply to my snap??
WHY HAVENT YOU DIED YET ?????????
Are you into Tim Burton Movies?
hey corspe, im a big fan. can you do a colab with darkness prevails?
Do you remember me from Snapchat or Twitter? You are amazing despite what you say!! We all love you!! ♡♡♡♡♡♡
3 fave colors? another fan above asked so they can make you a bracelet
Hey Corpse do you know any female narrated scary story channels you could recommend???
I wanna be your boyfriend can i?
corpse what are some stories you would not read ? btw i love your channel
Do you have a collaboration with another narrator that stand out to you?
Is it weird that listening to a couple of your videos help me sleep and trust me i have serious sleeping issues? I love your voice welcome back
How long you gonna be streaming?
What video games do you play??!
do u have a twitch account?
Do you still like dinosaurs?
where does your user name comes from?
Are u tired of seeing the “and I oop” meme?
Why don't you like shroud? It was a song explaining why you don't want to face reveal, quite something
​where does your user name comes from?
Any female narrated scary story channels you could recommend???
WHAT'S YOUR FIRST NAME?
what inspired your name?
Are you still nervous?
will you start making video again?
I have a question, have you ever visited the deepweb your self?
Do you have a favorite art piece????
how old are U!!!!!!????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
what do you enjoy in your free time?
CAN YOU SAY HI TO ME BEFORE YOU GO !?
what are your thoughs on transgender? im trans.
How many people do you think have a tattoo of your on their ass?
spooky daddio do you love me?
Corpse, did you have home care?
Why does everyone want you to moan for?
where can I find your music?
I wish I could donate but my country hasn't allowed that feature on yt yet, is there any other way to help you out? :c
whenever i'm reading something I pretend you're narrating it - is that weird?
top 3 favorite colors? im gonna make you a bracelet
Is it weird to think that your fan base age ranges from ppl who are 20yrs older than you and like 12 yr olds???? ●••••●
corpsey, can you say hi to daz? i sound desperate kahdksld sorry ily tho!!!! im sorry i can’t donate sksksks
Why do you all want him to moan?
what's your zodiac sign?
I've been here since the very beginning of the stream, can you please say ' Hey Maddy " before you leave??
Do you post on Instagram?
Have you ever tried medicinal marijuana?
Do you play RuneScape?
would you ever make a video on your own stories? like the gang stalking thing for example.
Do you usually add back?
do you remember @tallassidk/daz on twitter?
CAN YOU READ THIS?
Are you left handed?
will this video be posted to watch after the stream? was at work when you started
are you going to livestream more often?
Corpsey are you still on Steam?
Wait how old are you?
Do you play league of legends?
would you ever make a video on your own stories? like the gang stalking thing for example?
Do you have Arms ?
Are you going to buy Halo MCC when it comes out?
What story scared you the most when you were reading it?
Corpse Husband can you collab with Mr. Nightmare again. Then with Swamp Dweller and Nightmare Files?
Do you find it annoying when someone sends you way to much fan art?
can you say my name?
have you ever played red dead redemption 2? if you have have you played the online?
corpse is there one thing you regret while doing youtube?
Why does your voice sound deeper in snap and Instagram???
hey how ya been? missed you
Do you like Halo???
what mic do you suggest?
Have you seen one punch man?
@corpse husband I think I've asked this already but will you do a collab with the dark somnium???????
What story scared you the most as you read it during filming?
Do you like the halo franchise???
Do you accept friend requests on steam ?
Do you like the Halo franchises??
is it ok if i write a letter to your email?
aren't you aupposed to be leaving?
Does your fan base have a name?
YOU BUYING MCC ON STEAM?
do people send you nudes on snap?
my mom: Who's your idol?
do you want to do a collab story with me? I just started narrating
have you thought of making an app to host your stories?
What’s ur 3 wishes?
when are you going to do more video bloopers?
you gonna be streaming more in the future?
WHY IS YOUR NAME CORPSE_" HUSBAND"????
are you on tik too?
WHY IS YOUR NAME CORPSE HUSBAND????
So what are some questions you guys are going to ask Abby?
do you usually use your experiences for inspiration for a story?
hi how do you choose a plot when you have several for an idea?
How do you juggle three plotlines at the same time ? I’m stuck in a narritive knot for a chapter in my story
Do you have any advice when it comes to developing a character's arc throughout the story?
Hey! I write in third person but I often struggle with going into my mc’s thoughts. Do you have any tips?
@EmberFrostWrites you prolly need some time taking a break so the writing looks fresh. maybe 3, 4 months?
hi I have a book idea but many plots for this idea, how do you choose the best plot?
How far is it worth continuing to try to sell a book that you think is good but isn't taking off, whether due to marketing or sales issues?
So what will happen to the #AskAbbie tier on YouTube since you're streamlining perks to Patreon?
Where is this survey located, to find your writing type?
do you promote other book ? like can we give you a sample of my book to you and if u like it to promote it with pay ofc?
When would you recommend to start marketing? I’m almost 1/2 way into the editing for my book and want to start slowly promoting soon
Do you procrastinate some days, instead of writing? or better, do you catch yourself doing it? i do housechores and bust my self in not writing.
when do you decide on the theme of the story?
hi how do you choose a plot when you have several plots for an idea?
Hi Abbie! Do you have any plot ideas for an action fantasy? I have my characters but no plot. I need inspiration
what if you find it hard to write because you can't find an audience for your work?
hi Abbie, how would you go about writing an inter-connected series and how to figure out the connections?
how do you stop judging the charecter or the story I write to write?. how to stop self doubt in your writing?
when do you decide on main theme of the story? in the creator process
Hey Abbie! What do you think about Christian Horror?
Hi Abbie! What do you think about AI taking over creativity and writing? Will my writing passion and creativity (which makes me who I am) be useless someday?
How do you balance friendships, frenemies and romance all in a book and 3 main relationships all with different type of tropes?
Hey Abbie, have you been working out?
the real question is how do you think of new names?
As someone who has English as their third languuage, how do you make the dialogues feel natural and write different tones according to the character?
how do you focus on one story, If you have many you want to get out there?
Hi Abbie! As someone who has English as their third languuage, how do you make the dialogues feel natural and write different tones according to the character?
Hey Abbie have you been working out? also when do you decide on themes? i worry about being too early, because of the mess of not having one.
Hey Abbie have you been working out? also when do you decide on themes? i worry about being too early, because of the mess of not having one..
Hi Abbie! As someone who has English as their third languuage, how do you make the dialogues feel natural and write different tones according to the character? Asking for fantasy...
How do you pinpoint your genre/genres?
Abbieeee, question! We've never gotten to know what your author archetype was! Would you mind sharing with us?
what advice would you give to a writer if they find it hard to write as a unknown writer?
Can you tell me, how do I focus on one story, If I have many I want to get out there?
Hi Abbie! As someone who has English as their third language, how do you make the dialogues feel natural and write different tones according to the character? Asking for fantasy...
How do you marry ideas that you've accumulated that seem disjointed into something actually cohesive?
Hi Abbie! How do I write a fantasy/dystopian book with 6 characters that interact and go on an adventure together cohesively? Thank you :)
Hi from Canada. Abby, how do you come up with plots?
how long did it take you to write and publish your first book?
What are your thoughts on fantasy books where in romance it isn't particularly enemies to rivals? Also 2-3 lead couples?? (Romance as a subplot, with a couple being BL)
hey oogly u gonna do a pokemon unite stream ever?
You DROVE to Vegas? gross, I flew lol
can you play fnaf? its on switch?
can you play fnaf for its anniversary?
YOU WENT TO A CASINO- WAS IT THE DEVILS???? I NEED ANSWERS, DO YOU ATILL HAVE YOUR SOUL???
oogly, qna question: will you add more mods before 2k?
@grayscale hellooo how you doing?
how long you been on the streaming grind?
You like minion memes?
Can you watch mine?
Can you watch at least one of my videos?
Squid, do you want to see my fakemon art?
are u gonna play roblox?
can u friend me when u do?
Can I send you a little preview on my next artwork..?
Can I send you one more thing..?
Oki Draco! Could you send me your pfp in dis?
Out of 10 what would you rate my pokemon??
do you play any sonic games?
Ugg what do you feel like playing?
Hi Piguana how was your food?
Octo how are you dude!?
bendy you got a free trial or nah?
oogly do u have auto-mod on?
how long are you gonna be live?
maybe for halloween you watch creepypastas?
what time do you think your going to be playing super smash bros?
why you say that celestial?
@~UGLY IDOIT~ can you tell me why you'd think you're turning emo?
@UGLY SQUID can you do creepypastas for halloween maybe?
when you was in Vegas, was EVO taking place at the convention center??
did you know that the makers of Celeste took inspiration from Mario Sunshine!?
ugly star are you new?
celest do u feel comfortable with us calling u star-? i can still call u celest if you'd like c:
you play DBD (dead by daylight)?
ugly star WAIT YOU ARE CELE? ._.
do you play PC games?
hey Ugg you game on PC?
Well I am fasting today so Imma drop off stream bye! and can you do a stream for other time zones? It is 4 in the morning!
why dont u wanna stream cuphead rn?
ugg do you know a way i can play SSBU without friending you?
ugg is there a way to play without adding you?
BENDY DID U GET IT???
you see what i messaged ugg?
why u guys mad over a code?
wait u have another one game knight?
game knight u gonna post it-?
CELESTIAL WHAT DID U JUST CALL ME!?!?!