I think what could be cool is a WFH series! Like working in a coffee shop for the day, how you plan your day, how to setup your WFH day to be successful etc.
💄💋✨🫶🏼 I love your videos and have since you started your channel in college. No matter what you do, I’m here to watch!
i really feel ya with the mental health episodes
💄 loved this grwm!
Love a chatty FaceTime video!! This was so fun. I love your videos so much. You’re so inspiring and pretty. I hope you have a happy holiday season! ❤️
excited for the new year content!
Love your videos!! 💄
Was Eagerly Eagerly Waiting for This Video for so long ❤❤ And I Hope Everything is good and How's your health
Abby!! have you ever thought of bringing the pod back?? no pressure, I just wonder if that platform would provide you a space to speak about your labbadabba doo (and more)!!
💄I would love to see a new year reset vlog and maybe a setting up your doodle journal and how you’re going to start journaling!
Loved this video! I have OCD and therapy is so helpful! Thanks for opening up more in this video! 💄
💄💄💄 I’m still playing catch up on videos but I’m still a big fan of day and week in the life or routine videos!
Loved this so much I watched it twice to really lock in your answers 😂💄 I’m ALL FOR a rebrandd
the red lip looks great too!
Hi abby. I think you should let social media go and only create when you actually want to. Stick with YouTube so you have a good balance😊 excited for new years reset
Where is your robe from?:)
23:36 I think you are the brand, you are unique and don’t need to fit in a niche, you are multifaceted, just mi opinion I don’t know how it works I watch your videos because of you
Did you contact the seller on Amazon? They may be able to email you the instructions.
Not totally related, but I think you should consider setting up a Ko-fi or Patreon.
Have you had your hormones tested recently? Sounds like PMDD which is unfortunately common but not normal! It might be a low progesterone issue!
i disagree about the reading vlog idea! i think even if you read 2-3 books a month people would love to watch (me).
Do the content you like, nobody wants to watch someone who hates what they are doing and it shows when someone is resenting all the content they “have to” create
I listen for you because learn english
Usually i feel so bored in others GRWM , butt thaatt IS amazing I really enjoyed!!
I don't know about anyone else but she's one of my fav creators I've discovered this past year. Not only her hair, but I love the style & try to find inspo on the daily lol. LOVE HER🩷
I'm learning English, and I'm also trying to watch many videos in this language. I love it!
Your face card is insane girlllll
Its nice to see a 24+ YouTuber grwm btw, I'm 26 and i don't really care to see a 21-year-olds skin care routine lol
As someone with no friends this lowkey cure me
She’s my comfort youtuber ❤
I'm learning English and your videos help me so much
Who loves her
You saved me from my withdrawal phase, thank you ❤
GRWM are a fav 👏
YOUR GORGEOUS WTFFF
She’s so beautiful & for sm reason she doesn’t know it! GIRL you are literally Monica Bellucci!!!
I’m so glad I found this. I really needed this today. My mental health hasn’t been the best so thank you.
The fact that I’m watching this on sundayyy
Ki, we missed ur videos ❤️
Love this chill GRWM + chat vibe ✨ feels like getting ready with a friend 💕
Girll you are damnn gorgeous and you seem sooo sweet and kind one of my favourite youtubers lov eyou ❤️
This is my first impression and I don't usually feel connected to youtubers right off the bat but you have a warm aura and make me feel comfortable ❤
Omg you’re four months younger than me this makes me feel so weird I feel like you’re so much further in life 😭🙈
i liked the yapping session
Omg girlllll we’re the same age I’m 02/02/2000 I love seeing creators who are my age!
Same, I have curly hair and once I straighten my hair the rain comes 😢that’s unbelievable 😅
Simplifying your skincare really does help! Also Cerave healing ointment is the best for perioral dermatitis especially in the winter when it gets dry
You give us positive energy ❤️‍🩹😍
you girl talks are really the best <3
The bby pink lipgloss matches a los with you!! don’t throw that away. It looks so good on you.
I lovvveee the FaceTime-like videos
omg your so pretty! what the heck! <3
Finally a new GRWM 💗
Love ya! 💜
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Your natural hair looks extremely good why do you straight it You should try the curly hair routine it would look adorable on you ❤
Yayyy Kiana posted a video💗💗
I know this is an older video but dor anyone suffering from peri-oral dermatitis, try using a fluoride free toothpaste. My dermatologist recommended and I haven't had a flare up for years!
you are so gorgeoussss <333
Omg the girl that I started to love ❤️ was born on the same day as me, April 24th. 2000 omg 🎉🎉
ur gorgeoussss i love your vidss
love this video, very enlightening!
so many well-deserved opportunities coming your way in your golden year ! aahh, so happy for you🤍
I love your videos very much ❤
You are one of the most beautiful women i have ever seeeeeen
Omg you’re so pretty you don’t even need makeup!♥️
I literally have curly hair just like you and literally every time I straighten it it rains lol
Shoulder tap for us gurlies with very sensitive skin.
You and Anneliese Judge (from sweet magnolias) look so alikee <3
I'm new here and immeadiately love u❤
Straightening the hair is so real
Girl,off topic,but i think you look so much like margaret qualley!!
Kianaaaaa can you pls pls plsss share your workout routineeeee??
ur literally what i want to look like ur so pretty. also its my first time watching you and after this video i automatically subscribed
I like your personality masha'allah ❤
gurl you are gorgeous ❤
your so gorgeous!
She’s so me with my skin
love this video and girl omg burberry godess is my fav current perfume tooooo got it recently
i use vanicream and it's so good!!!
Your phone cam quality is amazing wayyyyyy better than the actual cam , what phone are u using 💕💕
Cameras film in a flatter looking way so you can color grade it properly afterwards. Most modern phones add saturation to colors, hence the difference.
Lie to girls is my fav too cuz it’s just that good 29:20
This is my first time here but...i already loveeeee herrrrrrr!💖💖 I loveee hearing her talk!!
Someone do a compilation of her saying "Hello?" 🤣🤣
HOW AM I 1 MINUTE EARLY
1:11, ik this was a while back but that's just the white balance being off lol
I don't know English but watch because I love you and learn from
I love your videos
me caeiste bien, nueva seguidora
I loveeee youuu
A lot offffff words, action packed with emotions
You are so beautiful 😍
Me having to google busy-body, I've never heard it used that way lol
We're birthday twins!!
❤This is one of the best videos while getting ready!
You are so beautiful
we have the same birthdayyy
you kind of remind me of phoebe tonkin!
my name’s liana and i have the same birthday WHAT? crazy
i just turned 24 last april 24th!! we have the same birthday! ✨
What blow dry brush did you use? EDIT: for anyone who wants to know, I think it’s the Revlon Oval One Step Volumizer Plus Hair Dryer
Use the skin1004 centella ampoule as spot treatment on the painful pimples. They'll be gone in few days!
I think not using toxins is very interesting 👏
You would look SO good with bangs!❤
I love the way you styled your hair. What is the name of the stylist and did you add serum or moisturizer to your hair after styling❤❤❤❤
OH MY GOD YES PLEASE DO A ENTIRE LANA DEL REY OR TAY TAY DISCOGRAFY RATING! I WOULD SO WATCH IT OMG
FINALLY!! I love your new name Aria!! 💌 It suits you so much!! Also, you don't have to be insecure, you're a wonderful human being! 🩷
I swear so many people don't like their given name💀 my name makes me sound middle aged💀💀
omg I literally screamed when you said adelala. I love her and your channels so much!
your videos are literally my comfort 😭😭😭❤ when I see u post i RUNNNNNNN 🏃🏃
WAKE UP PPL MOTHER HAS POSTED!! 🙇🏻‍♀️
i might have binge watched ur whole channel, girl, im so happy you exist, idk what i would’ve done without you the past week like it was hell
ARIA!! Emailing therapists isn’t embarrassing, trust me that it’s better to talk to someone about it rather than face it on your own. Anyway i’m glad that you’re feeling better now, I wish you the best!
YESSSS she posted I was rewatching her videos all day 🥹💗🎀
the way Adela and you are litterally exactly the only aeshtetic vloggers that actually entertain me is so funny!
My name is Aria as well! I’m glad that you like your name better now :) It makes me happy you know that one of my favorite YouTubers has the same name as me 🩷
i’m so so proud of you, like i remember watching ur videos when you had like 10k maybe? i don’t really remember, but it’s still crazy how far you’ve come 🫶🏻
YES I LOVE ADELA SM AHHHH
the way ur almost at 200k already i’m so proud of u so well deserved
OMG HEAVY ON THE STEPHANIE SOO!! I have been watching her for years now and I love her storytelling I’m always so focused and entertained
She is such a girls girl. Love her sm
WAKE UP SUSHI HAS POSTED‼️‼️‼️
OMG ADELA I LOVE HER TOOOOO💘💘💘💘💘
Its going to be a good day when sushi uploads!! 💗
STOPP you and Adelala i watch yall both and yall both look like gorgeous Disney princesss 😭🫶🏻
8:20 pippa fitz-amobi vibesssssss
I noticed your beebadoobee poster in the background at the beginning and when you spoke about clairo and beeba i got really excited!! Can't way for 200k you deserve it sushi
Im Chinese too! And I used to be a former shanghainese if that’s a thing. THIS US THE BEST CHANNEL IVE EVER SEEN.
YES I HAVE BEEN WAITiNG FOR YOU TO SAY YOUR NAME!!!
10:11 YES. yes. I’m so glad I’m not the only one.
Omg my name is aria I’ve never loved it a lot but the fact the my favorite YouTuber has the same name as me makes me so happy!!! 🥹💗
Yo you did the reveal 2:00 thats so relatable bro
10:50 I'm in that phase right now 😭😭
Hi motherrrr im EARLY , CMON mother be proud of me 😭 Can I get a heart 🥺
My fav youtubers are you and Stephanie soo
I've watched all of sushi's videos multiple times, so whenever she posts, I scream 🎉
WAKE UPPP!!! UR MOM POSTED 🎉
omgg luv stephanie soo
HELP HAHAH NOT THE FIRST THING YOU DO WHEN YOU UNBOX THE PLAY BUTTON IS PUTTING A RIBON ON IT😭😭 I LOVE IT HAHAA
Hey welcome to the Aria club c:
No but I'm literally so happy cause I watch adela she was the first aesthetic youtuber I found and my 2 favourites are u and adela so happy u know her 💞🎀🧸✨️
"I love true crime, especially steph" me- subscribes just found your videos and I loooove them <3
OMG MOTHER HAS POSTED I LOVE YOUU
OMG IVE BEEN NEEDING THISSSSS, I SWEAR I ALWAYS SEARCH UP THIS FACETIME LIKE VIDEOS FOR WHEN IM GETTING READY AND I ALWAYS COMPLAINED ON HOW MY FAV TOURUBER NEVER POSTED ONE!!!
8:07 LIKE UR AND ADELALA IS MY FAV UTUBERS BRO U GAVE ME THIS AESTHEIT.
MOTHER FINALLY MADE LUNCH
wake up mother has given us our vitamins
I WAS BORN IN OXFORD TOO?!?! AWWWWWWWWWW😍😍😍😍😍
UR NEW NAME IS SO CUTE OMGG
I am also an IB student girl I FEEL YOU 😭
We made the right person famous she is so awesome and creative love her x
ahhh I LOVE STEPHANIE TOO she tells stories so well!!
omg crazy! When this video uploaded I actually got my given name changed to aria aswell!
MOTHER HAS POSTED!!!!!
There are a lot of aesthetic vlogging channels ur’s is one i will never get bored of
OMG I AM NOT ONLY ONE BJT THREE TIMES IN A YT VID OF MY FAV CONTENT CREATOR 🙀 I TEXTED MY BEST FRIEND AHHH
hii!! i just wanted to say ilysm and I’m so proud of you for earning 100k!! you’re literally my idol and you’ve come so far in only 4 months <3 congrats mother 💖⭐️
I am an Educ Student, and I find your program somehow helpful for my course, you're so informative🌸
OMG YES ROTTEN MANGO STAN I LOVE HER SM❤
adela has been my go to for YEARS, she inspired me to start my own yt channel :)
The iconic bow has striked once more
Omg when u we’re talking abt YouTubers u adelala and rotten mango r literally my favorite YouTubers I love the crossover too much fr
wtf girl I DID NOT KNOW YOU WERE CHINESE. bestie material i love you i am also chinese ❤
I STARTED SCREAMING WHEN YOU MENTIONED ADELA 💞💞 BOTH OF YOU GUYS ARE MY INSPO 😭💞💞
this is so fun tom watch and learning we even like the same youtubers and youtube content like stephanie is so cool
I LOVE ROTTEN MANGO TOO! She’s a great storyteller like you said!!!
Ohh congrats on getting your name changed!! When I turn 18 I’m 100% changing my name 1:42
when i heard her music taste i immediately screamed “YES EAT IT UP”
plsssss do a taylor or lana ranking i would love that
I love rotten mango!
WAKE UP MOTHER HAS POSTED
Wake up queen has posted:)
PERFECT TIME MAN like I've been sick from food Poisoning from the past 1 week and this is just what i needed man
OMGG My questionnn lm really fr cryinggggggb tysmmmm i luv ur channellll
a true crime podcast that i really love is Killer Queens, they are awesomeeeee
Oh my god! I can't believe i'm this early, i'm so excited to watch this! I love you so much and i appreciate everything you do for us 💞
gal your channel has grown like crazy, it's actually insane!! 😍 share your secrets pls I'm so stuck with mine 😂😭
Im so happy you posted you are my favorite youtuber ❤️ Always wen i come Home from School and im sad i have Always Watch you And im a really Big fan❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
omg stephanie soo supremacy 😭🖐️
omg I’m going to die I have the EXACT same music taste as youuuuu except sometimes I listen to the weekend idk 💗💕
ur my fav youtuber!! i rlly love to watch ur videos ur answers were so nice!
Omggg I luv Stephanie soo and mr. ballen too!
AHHHHHH I LOVE STEPHANIE SOO!
GUYS HOW SHE GOT HER SILVER PLAYBUTTON IS SO BEAUTIFUL. keep up with the good work sushi!!
OMG MOTHER POSTED 😍
Ayooo the thumbnails of your vids are just so minimalistic and aesthetic<3! TUTORIAL PLEASE?
YAYYY YOU GOT YOUR WELL DESERVED PLAY BUTTON
im gonna watch this while getting ready for bed 😛
OMG WERE SM ALIKE I know everything you mention and I agree with you sm, like everything, BUT I don’t personally think that’s a good thing but I love your vids
OMG! Love ur new name, soooo cute. I used to love the name Aria, like I would pretend my name was aria. I think this has opened up a centuries long addiction. Suits u so muchhhh
YESSASS! ALL HAIL MAM SUSHI!!!!
MOM HAS POSTED !!!!!!❤❤❤❤
STEPHANIE SOO MENTIONED 🔥
So cute luv u sushi 🎀
Girl I was not expecting those beautiful vocalssss
..... Alice is the popstar the world needs. Your voice is beautiful!!!
12:12 that person was lying. . . your eyes aren’t far apart
22 minutes of Alice YAYY💕
omg girl how did I just find you?! 😭 you Like all my faves(BP, NCT DREAM, H2H) And you’re soo gorgeous 🩵🩷
ok such a queen for using her products till it's emptyyy
don't be shy post the vlog queen >__<
OMG this was such a well structured makeup tutorial THANK YOU QUEEN 🫶
you should post that jurassic world vid would be so fun to watch!! 😽
OMG NCT MENTIONED. girl i like u and your music taste
6:57 stopp because im so obsessed with style too, its such a bop fr
Yes, we want that vlog please 💖
YOUR SKIN??!!! soooo gorg
I loved the makeup, and I would be excited to see the Jurassic World video, btw you have a beautiful vocal voice. 💞💞💞
wide set eyes are so ethereal!!!
omg another wjsn stan <3 im so sad theyre not active anymore
Omggg The queen posted!! :D Love u girlll 💞
is it just me or when you were doing your makeup, the camera was focused on the background like your bed and vanity was clear and you're kinda blurry😭
you’re so gorgeous im trying to glow up and i love your makeup and your fits 😭 thank you for this
ok so new fav youtuber unlocked , thank you very much
i love your tiktoks and didnt even know u had a youtube. im so glad i found you!
Wait i also use that Purito bamboo panthenol moisturizer at night!!
Legit lold when you said "whatever, that guy will start to cough in five days". I was like omg yaaaas girl.💀☠Badass comment tbh. Also love, love, love this lil' tutorial. Cute!💖
NCT ALWAYS AT THE CRIME SCENE
You're so funny & entertaining, just subbed! I like your singing voice! Also, whoever said your eyes were far apart was fcking lying, dude was prob jealous that he could never pull a baddie as stunning as you💖
LMFAOOOO that's literally me every day 10:57 like my mom is probably tired but it's so catchy tho u.u
Your singing voice is so beautiful!🫶😙
I love your videos! I hope to see one of your full hair care routine soon. 💖
GAH YOUR SO PRETTYYY!!
so prettyyy :3 💞
u're beautiful and confident. very inspiring
Your content is so comforting to me <3 Id love to have friends like you irl ;-;
Omg I’m going to the blackpink concert in London as well !!!! 💕
OH MY GOD PRETTY PRETTY CEZENIEE
omggggg i love Hearts2Hearts!!
I've been waiting so long for this tut😭❤️
Loveee this can u do a makeup collection tour for ur next video im genuinely curious❤❤❤
Hello???? How I didn’t know that you has a channel omg I follow you everywhere!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Girl closet tour when 🥲
LOVE YOU ALL TIME!!!! Can do room tour?
you look so good 😭😭😭
I enjoyed watching this :) btw, I loved your singing voice
GURLLLLL YOU ARE SO FUNNY AND GORGEOUS
you're literally my favorite person ever
This was the best makeup tutorial for me💕💕💕🥺🥺
ive been waiting for a video like this from you
love the makeup QUEEN!!! 😍😍
I just saw jump in chicago for deadline tour and it was AMAZING. You are so pretty have the best time at their concert 🤩🤗
so pretty pretty
Omg you’re so beautiful!🥹🫶🏻✨
WJSN mentioned 💋
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Omg you’re so pretty ah I love your videos btw heheh🤭
Ate everytime 😭❤️
Do you have a favorite makeup item during your GRWM?
The people's princess 🩷
u inspired me a lot, u are so unique and especial love uuu
that hate comment was so mean :( you are so beautiful! keep doing you alice ilysm
you are gorgeous and tbh im rlly en captured by your beauty
Omg I love ur hair where did u get ur thermal brush
pleaseplease drop an album girlie 😭
i wanna be her friend so bad, she’s so cutieeee
omg youre so cute and pretty and then u suddenly talk abt nct dream's new álbum??? instantly subscribed
So happy to find a new icon to watch🥹
no jump is definitely one of BP's best releases 😭 i like to think people were more mad at the actual live performance
what brush did you use for blush? it looks so perfect!
Please release new music !!! 😔😔
I love your voice
omg your voice??? its so beautiful
labubu dubai chocolate is like tik tok trend final boss
i have the biggest friend crush on you ever UGHHHH
idk if anyone has asked this before but WHERE did you get those clips to hold your hair! they are so cute
hiii pretty! what apps u used to edit ur grwm?i want to tryyy
where did u get that necklace? its so cute!!
Can you tell me the name of that red heart shape for your makeup and where can I find one, thanks.
I love uuu 🩷
girl... you can singgggggggg!!!!! did you audition for the new global girl group? please tell me you did
have you ever think to do some room tour ?
where is the necklace from ??
What lashes are you using ?
odio el felquillo con todo mi ser pero a ti se te ve lindo
You look like Megan from katseye!
U look so much like Megan from katseye
Why do i feel like i’ve seen this before
What camera was that? It looks so hd and crisp but it lacks on auto focusing 😢
SINCE WHEN DOES ALICE HAVE A YOUTUBE CHANNEL HELLOOO??
girl im sprry but the new cmera is super blurry :(
WJSN left a hole in a kpop and no ones filling it correctly
originally yogurt was TURKISH nOt greek.
girl POST SONGS NOW 🔫🔫
QUESTION what vlog camera are you using?!?! If you mentioned it in the video I missed it (I’m slacking at work) 🫶🫶
Omg my corner shop has been selling labubus too… but they’re actually lafufus 🫢
You’ve been through a lot but we’re happy you’re doing a lot better now 🤍
Finally. The best part ot the Monday. Thank you Eva 🤍
Sorry you went through so much at the end of the year, you are not only beautiful, you are one of the sweetest people ever. I'm happy to hear that you have come out stronger than ever
10/10 yap sesh. So proud to see how you're moving through this crazy world and I can't wait to see the greatness that's in store <3
happy early bday !! the world is a better place with you in it :)
be proud, you're doing so great. thank you for your videos Eva!!
u r the best, i'm getting to the lifestyle when i'm not scared to try smth new and do whatever i want, keep improving and being your self <3
I have similar experiences dealing with social anxiety and I’m glad you’re putting yourself first and saying yes to things in life. I’m working on that too . May God make this year full of blessings for you 💖
sooo nice to learn more about u, and whoa stepping out of ur comfort zone and finally doing things for urself is a huge step gang proud of u
You have such a natural way of connecting with your audience. Your videos are always so enjoyable to watch! ❤
Have a good year Eva! Some things were relateable and i am 32. Keep us posted on your year☺️
please never apologise for ur yapping, we love it❤
eva, happy early birthday and you deserve the world, god bless you
Glad you're doing well and are finding your rhythm :) Keep on going and I'm sure you'll get everything you are looking for. Much love <3
You are an adorable and serious girl for your video every monday frankly l have nothing to say l am proud of you and your enffort🤍🤍
Hey! i think this was fantastic! Looking forward to see what 2025 brings!!! Happy (be-early) Birthday!!!
Glad your doing good Eva this years gonna be great
Ah sweet another vid
Your so beautiful and don't be scared but be careful out there
You go queen!! It is going to be your year!!!🎉❤
Thank u for sharing eva.
New vid dropped, lets goooo
i loved this video
Love 💕 you 💕 BEAUTY 💕
Hell yeah new eva video
CANT WAIT FOR THE SUBATHONNNNN🤭🤭🤭
you are so incredibly beautiful also you seem like such a cool person, even though i only know you through social media i feel like we would be friends in real life. oh and happy birthday:)
Ngl this video reminds me of the your old TikTok’s where you would just talk about everything happening and I love it ❤
Wow your so stunning 😍 🤩
I hope you could make more videos 🤍🤍🤍
Thanks for sharing! I'm going to Twitchcon Rotterdam this year, San Diego falls right when exam deadlines start to hit so that's a big no no for me unfortunately :p
You look happy...
4:55 girl literally us i try to eat healthy but in the end always end up eating smth sweet😭
8:29 ayee get it eva hahaha
mastering yaping is crazy but its 10/10 yap
i am so late 😭
went ahead and threw this on the big screen during my meeting today. people were too invested had to turn it off.
Thank thank for sharing ur content as well.
WHOEVER cheated on you, that person need to be hurt like fr, sorry for the harsh words but its true
Hi Eva my name is wendall desjarlais do you know me
Hi Eva. I'm looking for new friends. I'm from Poland and my English is cringe but I'm trying. I found you on YouTube, we are even similar. if you are interested and want to talk. let me know. :)
is she with Matt Sturniolo :)
youtube has genuinely felt like a family with u, it makes me feel so so connected and related to u🫶🏻
Looking forward to it 😉
Omg I was dying for these updates! 👏
Welcome back! 😬. I always love the REALISTIC positive energy.
Cool my friend ... Really presents interesting content .... I am waiting for your next video and God bless us ....
📒 Get the 5000 Most Common English Words PDF here: https://volkaenglish.com/products/new-5000-english-words-vocabulary-textbook-combo-985-pages
I'm indian i watch your all videos so improved my english I liked your speaking skills.....❤️ Urrr videos very useful for spoken English thank you so much for your support....🥺🙌🏼🌝
Thank you ❤
I love describe everything, I learned a lot of things with this video. Thank for sharing it Volka❤️
From Brazillll, I loveee your videos help me a lot, thanks for everything ;)
Thanks for the amazing video
THANK YOUUUU SO MUCH ❤
Thaks for sharing your learns
I low-key loved your channel
Great job teacher !
I am korean. I like kimchi too My kimchi is very delicious. next when you come korea,I want to give you kitmchi. I had seaweed soup and kimchi and egg fry and sidedishs for lunch.
I found an amazing youtube channel!
Hello thank you so much for posting new videos I'm waiting for your new lessons ❤
I love your life guys it's so awesome
I wanna congratulate you because your video is very useful and I’ve learned a lot of things
I would like to taste some kimchi, cause it lools very delicious!
Thank you for being such a wonderful teacher.❤❤ I like kimchi ❤
I like the way u r teaching us 🥰😘
omg i'm korean studying english and it is shocking to me that you love kimchi! Always thank you for your channel :)
Your videos are great and you're doing an amazing job! Thank you from Brazil!
i hope you will enjoy your vacation and get some wonderful memories in Việt Nam❤ i'm not sure if you're there but i just wanted to wish you well
Amazing video as usual. Thank you for your hard work , my teacher and my brother. 😊
Thank you so much i am from India 😊❤🇮🇳
It’s my 5th time watching this video, It’s actually help me to familiarize different words by rewatching a videos.
Hello from Azerbaijan 🇦🇿 ❤️
Thank you, Volka, for your hard work and for teaching us, and thank you even more for speaking slowly so we can understand you. I also love this series of videos.😊✨
It's Really comprehensible Input I Understand Everything💜
I also teach English, and I can see the thought and care behind every explanation. Thanks for creating such valuable content! ❤️
Come to India ❤
I love your outfit and hair style
1:43 lol 😆 You sneeze just like me, very strongly.😅
I haven't tried it but I think it is a great
Your ring is an awesome
I love you ❤❤❤❤❤
Hello I'm from Morocco I love your videos I learned a lot since I watched you I hope I write correctly ❤
Hi guys, l have ate some rice at lunch.That is so delicious. I really enjoy it
Hello Volka I also glad to know this your channel It’s very useful for us.I am from Kazakhstan
I LOVE YOU
come to colombia plis i love your videos
I like kimchi 😍
i had for lunch couscous🍽🥰
I am also a homebody because I also prefer to stay at home when weather isn't of my mood
Hi handsome, nice video 😊 thanks
Could you please make videos in B1 / B2 level I really enjoy your videos
I never eat kimichi but it looks good
you need to come to Morocco and try all the amazing Unique Rich fresh food volka I think you will love Morocco so much 🥹
Hello from Russia 🪆🪆🪆 Volka!
I didn't try kimchi in my life but if I have an opportunity to try it I would do it
first of all,thank you for this video 🙏🏼🙏🏼 unfortunately I couldn’t open spotify podcast.Could you check the link belowe?
Yes I have eaten 😂
Hey 👋🏻 ♥️🇮🇷♥️
I want to learn speaking English
I haven't tried the kimchi yet it feels a japanes food
I ate turkish kofte meatballs with mashed potatoes for my lunch
Your hair is similar to mine😂
can you please make a video level b2
Hi, thanks a lot for the content, but I don't understand: you don't include truly difficult words in the list, yet you do include extremely simple A1-level ones.
I eat my kiwis with its peel , taste good .
Hello volka I am from India I want to learn English spoken form beginner type Please guide me
I have never tried Kimith.
amazing！you put the cookware in the fridge？😮
I eat some carrot for the lunch today and some beef with the potatoes.
Plz come to India, especially u must visit the Kerala ❤️🤌🏻
Please add subtitles in English to your videos
I need speaking practice if are you want to practice to anyone, reply pls..
Anyone for studying English together?
I really want to know what camera are you using for shooting? It’s too steady
Make a video at bts concert😭
Broo, I liked You🫶🔥
I'm 23 right now 😂
I Changed my name into English 😂😂😂
I'm homebody but if you staying all over whole day at home that will be boring isn't
Why do not keep posting video about china
the link is not working
Is anyone want to speak with me?,i just reach B1 level,but i still feel strugle when i speak,reply me please😁😁
Your videos accent american or british
Yeah I am from Pakistan and I amhome body and hot body also
Without any intention, but I would be happy if I had a European friend to improve my English through conversation, I hope to find a friend, thanks for the video🌸🤍
you HAVE to come to Morocco🫠
thank you 😊
Finally! Someone using an android phone!! 👏🙏🙌
for a introvert person like myself....you have inspired me to make a video without speaking and showing a face......thank you ma'am. wishing you a great life.
I have started making silent vlogs. And the YouTube algorithm is CRAZY!!! Glad indeed
Better than hey guys what's up welcome to my 1500th vlog 😂
this whole video feels like therapy , tiktok has really changed my perception of video quality... dominated by the iphone... this feels like a breath of fresh air.
17 minutes of calm and relaxing silent vlog. today i have learned you don’t t need fancy film making gears rather than your creativity. Thanks.
thank u you showed me even if my life is boring and unaesthetic, my vlogs don't have to be so
I was making some noisy vlogs but i finally see the beautiful side of recording your moments in a silent vlog ❤
This is totally inspiring, wonderfully calming, and deeply philosophical, all at the same time. A gem for new creators!
This is my call...
the most relaxing tutorial I've ever watched, why does this make me sad and happy at the same time ? haha
As someone who plans to start filming this was such a treat and joy to watch. Thank you so much. Btw., when you put the cake on the plate tears filled my eyes... so there you go :)
You don’t need suggestions your just like a pro I love this video so much 😊
THIS IS A MASTERPIECE VIDEO , WORTH WATCHING OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN.THANKS HOPE🌼
I love watching silent vlogs am glad I started . Thankyou 🎉 . If you’re planning to start don’t hesitate. You gat this
Informative video! Thanks for sharing!
Very calm and comfortable, thank you!❤
This was fantastic. The mystique, the simplicity, the sounds. Loved every minute.
Your video helped me , I have just started my silent vlogs
The lighting is perfect in your home 👌
Some people say the best place to start creating silent vlog is in the library.
Hope, you came into our lives when we needed it the most. You have managed to make it look so easy to film, thank you for your work! I know your channel will grow massively.
FRRRR ghibli movies, laid back camp and frieren are the most comforting, calm animes out there! 😭🍁
I use my S23 Ultra to film my videos too. But this just made a whole lot of difference in how I will film from here on in. This was a great tutorial and the Macha dessert looks delicious!
Silent vlog killed me silently, amazing ❤❤❤
This is tremendous, I love It❤ , I just started to make silent vlogs thank you for sharing this❤❤
I can't thank you enough for this video. It's so informative for a beginner like me. I have learnt a lot today:)
Thanks for sharing!☺️
Thanks for much for this video! Just started to film my travels and daily life and share it on YouTube! I have the exact same tripod/ stand you use 😂 that must be a sign!
Love the YouTube algorithm so much
I love how you been doing this kind of silent vlogging with a simple tools and gear only....I will keep on watching your videos 😊❤❤❤
This came at the right time thank you so much for sharing 🎉🙏🥰
Love this idea. 👍👍👍
Thanks for your content. New YouTubers let's gather and grow while learning
These shots and perspectives are so beautiful 😍😍
I know this is a “how-to” educational video, but wow. I was mesmerised, absolutely beautiful. You have a really artistic eye ❤ can’t wait to see more.
Well the defination of 'amateur' just took huge turn😁😁 great video
This is sooo beautiful! 🥺 It was a hug for my heart
Thank you for sharing this video. You're well on your way to becoming an awesome filmmaker. Please continue to create more videos like this one, which has garnered many more views than previous videos. ☺️🌹❤️
Wonderful way to capture! Love the whole your video show!!
MasyaAllah Tabarakallah...what a beautiful Scenery ! 😍
OMG! I love this!!! ❤. Takes the pressure off of trying to come with things to talk about
You got me here! I click subscribe at 12 seconds of the video 😊
Really enjoyed your video. Thanks for sharing. The sky will never be the same again. So true. Grab life and nature.
you are a pure soul.... lots of love from india
so calm and peaceful ❤
❤love it. I want to start my silent vlog Journey as a SAHM. :) thanks for this
I don't know why i subscribe ur channel before watching 😢❤
the silent that makes sense, i love ur way of how u share ur knowledge about vlogging ang placing camera thumbs up for u🎉
Awwwwwww. So lovely to watch. So wonderful to know. So kind of you to make. Thankyou. ❤
Wow!! Its so amazing.. I happened to be here just accidentally but i feel happy and contented watching this wonderful video of yours .. Like to see more stuff from you. Best wishes
Good luck on your YouTube journey guys! You got this ❤
What a beautiful video to watch and be inspired. So calming ,informative and descriptive. A rare treat. Thank you.
Thank you for sharing. As a young vlogger I find your videos super helpful! I’m really into capturing the beauty in scenery and day to day life without being in front of the camera constantly. Thank you for the inspiration!
Not only was this video educational and informative but balm for the soul. Thank you kindly 🍂
Lovely this kind of vlogging... Very sentementalistic.. ❤❤
Nice keep creating I love your channel :)
Absolutely lovely. Thanks for sharing this informative video & enjoyed watching
Love from india 💕
Me encantó toda la explicación! Haces un trabajo muy bonito con tus vlogs ! gracias
I love the simplicity and feeling, thank you !!
This is so cool and proof there is no need to overthink. Thank you for making this video
17 min of my life not wasted. Inspiring messages and awesome storytelling. ❤
❤❤❤❤❤ Thank you 🐈 😻 🐈‍⬛️ 😺
Thank you for this! It was helpful! I really appreciate how Frieren was even named in the video. Plus your matcha tiramisu looks great~
Love the video....Great idea ....Thanks
Wow! This was very informative. Please continue to create this kind of content.
What a peaceful 18 minutes, never skipped anything!
Wow, thank you for this video. I love that you highlighted how the captured shots can be a representation of our unique perspective and reflections of the world around us. 💖
This video is such a blessing. And i knew it, the videos you do have Ghibli feels. And i love it.
Enjoyed watching from start to finish. Thank you.
Great tips and the tiramisu looks so yummy.
Nice and very calm sceneries.
Thanks so much for the wonderful sharing ❤ it's truly inspiring
Thank you for the lessons I can take from watching your video.😊
Thanks for beautiful video 👍
Well done with honesty and openness, subscribed right at the end ❤❤❤
Goosebumps... 😅 felt like watching a great movie. ❤
Thank you for this wonderful video! It's so organic and relaxing, beautifully done! You've definitely inspired me to create! Love from Canada <3
Please keep uploading, you guys are best
beautiful and peaceful, thanks for the tips, right now I just share nature as ASMR
Well done miss.. thought out and presented well
God, what an amazing video! Thank you so much! Literally perfect! Also, Samsung phones are the BEST imo ✨️🎬
Thanks for sharing, this is wonderful! ✨ It shows that when the world is too loud just plug in your earphones and enjoy your silent day. 🌿
Wow this is just amazing the music is relaxing and calming💕🌸
I love it. So calming n relaxing... i like this kind of vibe
Wonderful video!! Informative and inspiring for those who want to start. Beautiful, calming music and shots. Kudos, love it!! 🙂
Thanks for all these tips! Love your style, beautiful use of light ✨
This is amazing, experience in this video. thks
25:47 "You are not running out of time, you're just running on someone else's timeline" GIRL, THIS IS GENIUS. the way I gasped at hearing that.
Can we all take a minute to DEFINITELY APPRECIATE HER TIMING!!!!??😮‍💨🌷
That thumbnail... Dealing with ex friend.... Is so relatable 😭😭😭😭
IN UNISON WE SAY - LOVE TAM ,STAN TAM🗣️💋
I’m very serious when it comes to friends. I can confidently say i have no friends. I believe i can have a healthy friendship one day. Maybe in my next chapter in this life
omg girl, i started putting myself first, prioritising myself over other people and my mom went on an hour talk of how I became "selfish" for self love
"People leave your life because they had to leave with a part of you that needed to die" OMG. The thought this statement sparked.
The loudest person in the room and "fake" confidence hits home for me. I have an ex-friend who was like that
you are my online guardian angel...ilysm
WAKE UP, our queen posted !!! ❤
I swear every woman needs to read Feminine Seduction Code book. You can attract everything you desire. So underrated
Definitely communication is key because relationships will fall apart if you can't talk to each other 😅
12:50 Fear of loneliness and close proximity is the real tea
Caught you in 17 secondssss .... Gurl ... You don't know how big fan I am of you ... 1st Like ... 1st Comment ... Omg !!! 🎀💌😭
Queen, a video on inner child healing and nervous system regulation please? I love you sm
Honestly ,ur like a big sister to all of us
I see, I clickk (the earliest I have beeen)
Tam is truly the best girls girl out there💛
We know exactly when a friendship is no longer aligned with us but it's also difficult to let go of it sometimes
tam can you make a video about university and picking a major.. it feels so stressful and i don't know how to pick between being "logic" or following my dreams
Tam please make a vedio on how to protect your energy and how to not let other people's energy control you.🌷 And how to be calm in chaos (in family).
TAM! i genuinely love you so much. forever grateful that I've been raised with this mindset - and I didn't just discover it myself. ur basically my online bigger sister.
Don’t know why I never heard about you Tam Kaur ? Just accidentally discovered your channel now . Best wishes!! Pradeep Singh
Your videos always make my day better! 😭❤
Omg learned so many thingsss ❤ can u also make a video on “rewiring your subconscious mind” ❤
such a cool video tam! pls never stop doing casual yap videos soo insightful and comforting 🤍🤍🤍
Hiiiii tam❤️. Please keep more bloopers at the end of the video❤😅. Bloopers are funnier😅😂.
Bring back your jwellery brand PLEASEE 😭😭
YOU HAVE HELPED ME SO MUCH TAM U DON'T UNDERSTAND I LOVE YOU SO MUCHH💓💓💓
Best advices from the best girl 💗✨
ahh! The amount of answer i Got💕 We r so blessed to have you Tam.
I swear tams timing is always perfect ❤
Ohhh I love the vibes she's giving todayyy ❤❤ saurrr dynamicc 🎀
This is litarly giving sleepover spill the teaa❤❤ love you Tam
Yooo tam's here!!❤
18:42 OOF 🔥
I love this serie SO MUCHHHH
hiiii tam,just wanted to let you know that you are so pretty and intelligent
I swear the timing is crazy ...also you look so beautiful ❤
I needed friendship advice thank you Tam 💋💌 love youu
Such an amazing vid! I can see the evolution from ur first q&a to this latest one. You are so creative and i can see u express that in your vids! So cool ❤🥹
Tam videos are always soooo healing 🌷💮💖
I just saw your "Reality check" video, and it was so... Revealing, thank you Tam! You've become part of my everyday routine ❤ You're my inspiration
I love this series so much! Please turn this into a more frequent one, it really helped me introspect on so many things ❤
planning on buying your book soon!!! thank you for everything you've done for us <33
I liked everything about this video. These are my biggest weakest things I am going through in my personal life. And I would like a video about Shady friendships acting like they are not being your true friend.
i specially wait for your "girl talk" videos ❤❤❤❤🎉
Can I just say how much I appreciate when you put pictures, like tables and diagrams, to help us understand better 💓 Love u, Tam
The goddesses posted on time as always 😊
The glow 🩷💖
I watched the self development part on repeat!! Cuz my gurl talks so soothingly and speaks all the stuff that uplifts my energy. She's therapy. She's love, she's light!!!💗💗💗
I rarely comment but this video is phenomenal! 💕
I love the answer about dreams, it's a struggle I have as well. The questions were sooo well picked this time.
LOVE YOU TAMMM <3 I BOUGHT UR BOOOKKK ITS SO GOOD
Hi tam ilysm can you do part 3 sharing deepest thoughts or like chatty grwm it gives me such a positive vibes and like new ideas❤
TAMMMMMMM!!!! pleasee please wear your jwellery againnn❤
I'M LITERALLY GRATEFUL TO HER💖LOVE HER SO MUCH
Please make more of these videos It feels like having a smart great best friend that actually helps elevate us
I love watching these videos while cleaning my room. It makes me remember that I'm doing this for myself❤
We need a makeup tutorial. Your makeup is beautiful girl 🩷
My favorite part was everything , but I really loved the part where you talked about how others chickens make you feel behind and about your 20s as well .😊
The friendship part was just so good 😭💗
Tam out of topic but the makeup today suits you so much !! You looked so adorable today ❤
I love you and your advices so much, even if I don't understand everything, I love your accent too❤
Lysm tam 🩷🌸
I was actually rewatching the girl talk series and you bought a new video thankyou so much ❤
I love you. You hit the nail in the first question concerning friendship
Tam your our big sis thank you for healing us !💘🫂
Girl, if only you knew how timely your video came out! Your videos are the only which kept me going today ❤
Thank you so much Tam❤❤ The self-love part helped me the most. Love you ❤
how did u cover almost all of my struggles in ONE video?? LOVE U i just subscribed 💋
Love the theme song!
Ohhhhhh I am so ready for girl talk!❤❤❤
listening to this while working cos i feel like i needed it
GOD, this women is extraordinary!!!!
Hey Tam! Would you ever create a video on how to be a successful content creator? As always, your vids are amazing ❤
for those asking, my one and only cinematic vlogging colour grade: https://www.byjasonz.com
I’m not going to lie, I always thought vlogging was for narcissists that wanted attention but the vlogs I watch nowadays are really people that are just capturing moments, whether they upload them or not, and that is so beautiful
I’ve literally filmed and intermittently posted on YouTube for years now. Every time I rewatch my old videos, I get super nostalgic and start filming again. I truly believe in filming as if it’s my journal!
Self-doubt is one of the biggest enemies. I just need to learn how to overcome it!!!!
The advice about not sticking strictly to chronological order is a game-changer for storytelling🎥✨
If done tastefully and authentically, vlogs are such a beautiful medium to connect people and share human experiences.
I just started , never thought people would want to see a 38 year old lift and critique mega mansions.. surprised me i even have 45 subscribe but i cherish those 45.
Document your life like a journal with how your feeling in those moments really simplified it for me. Thank you
7:09 what a beautiful shot bro, holy
Never skip a Jason zhao video 🗣️
One things stresses me out in making videos is the music. The copyright is just stressful.
Please keep this content coming I love and appreciate every second of your craft
Thanks for this. I just started vlogging, and although I already have 6k subscribers because I used to do tutorial videos, there is so much I need to learn. Keep creating bro, it's inspiring.
this was one of the most helpful videos I’ve seen so far! Thank you for breaking it down the way you did!!!
just wanting to journal my adventures is exactly why I started vlogging. 7:40 is exactly where im at right now, thanks for sharing!! 🙌
Love this video! Very inspiring 🔥🙏🏾
love this video! so simple and straight to the point yet still informative on how to be better at vlogging all together! 10/10
Probably one of the most useful videos I’ve watched recently. Straight to the point
the first few tips on the point of starting a vlog channel really did made a difference on where i shud take my channel to. good tips jason
Loved this so much, thanks for the insight, the tips, the great shots and inspiration!
I just restarted posting my vlogs & this was very helpful! I did find myself sticking to the chronological order of the day but I like the idea of creating “scenes”!
The idea of treating a vlog like a reflection journal rather than just a chronological log is brilliant. It’s a great reminder that the string tying everything together is simply your own perspective and emotions
Always very helpful and informative.
I'll come back to this video in 7 days and will have posted my first vlog.
omfg your color grading is iNSANE I LOVE IT
found you from your “Why You Need to Start a Vlog” video. your content is great. keep it up!
Only a few seconds in and already know I’m gonna watch this one til the end. Just had to come on here to show some love bro! Love the vibes 🙏
5:40 I would argue this is a moment when you go for the camera you always have with you and use your phone to capture that moment and make it yours
Bro am here eating a sausage on my lunch 🥙 break while watching my questions being answered. Thanks man..
I agree with your statement about reflection and sharing feelings and thoughts.
You are the string tying all the clips together, that is such an inspiring way to think about the personal touch in vlogging🎥✨
I love vlogging. The more I learn from people like you the better I become. I take my camera every where. You just never know!! I use a Sony zv-e10 with Sony 11mm lens. You’re right the easier the better!!
Great video ! I like how it is entertaining and relaxing to watch
Awesome video, thank you for sharing!
I love the perspective of using vlogging as a journal! Thanks for saying that!!! And the A and B roll clips are so important.
Thank you for this!! I want to vlog more in 2025 and found these tips super helpful 🙌
Restarting my Youtube journey from 1st Jan 2025. Will come back here on December 31, 2025 to see how much I have grown because your tips are really good.
Loved the video Jason, you’re very inspiring!
Your colour grading is great!
I’m graduated Queen’s Nursing in 2015, really enjoyed your video and the beautiful footage of Queen’s U - brings me back 😊
Thank you for good tips!
The advice to not limit yourself to chronological order is so helpful, It really opens up the creative possibilities for storytelling
This is such a great message! Thank you for sharing, I’m starting over from square one simply because I love doing this! ❤ keep going everyone!!!
This is the truth!
Brooo, vid is so crisped. Love it!
I am from Peru and I find your work very inspiring ! Keep Going ! Best wishes 🙌
Dude you randomly showed up on my feed... I like your content and style. Good stuff and this video was actually helpful and, dare I say, inspiring to me. Kudos, sir! I've subscribed and looking forward to more videos.
Great video Jason, thanks for sharing your process!
really liked the style of the video!! so many cinematic scenes and great tips as well
Thanks for going through to explain the process from thought to finish. I also like that you mention this is one way, your way, of doing it but doesn’t mean it’s the perfect or only way
loved hearing about your creative process and i love your mindset about creating videos. thank you for sharing :)
Found this video randomly, but this vid made me a fan of yours. I love your advice and color grading, and I'm excited to keep vlogging
Super fun and creative!
Its videos like this that make me keep filming. Thank you for this
I could watch this all day.
I honestly enjoy watching your videos (content), it helps to get that encouragement. Now I just need to take that first step, keep bringing great content. Peace and blessings ✊🏿.
Love this ! Thanks Jason
Honestly very simple tips but things that are very over looked or over complicated. I found this video very insightful! Thanks for the knowledge
Dope video bro, as a fellow vlogger, i really like watching your videos and seeing your tips on how to improve my videos
Manz is so talented! God Bless brother
This deserves endless likes.
Amazing advice for anyone who wants to get into this space!
I loved this video! I'm about to start my journey and so this was informative. Also I checked the ulanzi tripod out too 🎉
This advice is gold. We’ve just started vlogging our life moving to Japan & definitely need this inspo, thank you!
really great tips Jason! Thanks for the inspo!
Love this!! One of my goals in 2025 for my channel is to start making smaller vlogs along with my bigger videos so this came across my timeline at the perfect time 👏🏼
i love vlogging so much but needed to be remind about how to best bring my creative vision to life and this help so much thank you!!
omg! you articulate my thought process so well! subscribed 💛
Sitting here at work trying to get into content creation. I became a fan brother!
This was so fun to watch.
Thank you for the inspo and tips! I’m new to all of this so let’s see how it goes 😆
I appreciate your content and always love how your shots come out! I recently started vlogging consistently and I’m looking forward to the journey of creating ☺️
Thanks for the video! You’re cool, I’m glad YouTube suggested you to me! Very nice videoooo bro
Love your color grading and story telling cheers!🎉
thank you for this .. keep up the good work brother ! 📸📸📸📸📸
Thanks for all the tips! As someone who is just starting out, this is really helpful!
Your scenes are so good! the colour thoo 🤌
One word: Awesome!
Thankyou bro this was so informational and thanks for the help with the tripod !
Your storytelling is phenomenal!
This is exactly what I needed.
just watched this video. so inspiring. I needed this today. thank you so much.
Thank you so much for sharing,. I really enjoyed this video. I'm now a new subbie. Can't wait to dive into your content more.
just got back into vlogging recently so these tips were super helpful!
WHAT DO YOU LIKE TO DO ALONE?
I’m watching this in 2026 summer❤
I’m so glad that you made this episode because when I’m out with other people, I have lots of fun but when I’m alone I feel like I’m doing nothing. Just scrolling endlessly on my phone. ❤
your english is so easy to understand
WHO ELSE LOVES THE LITTLE INTRO MUSIC
One thing i learned when i was a child Was, you're always gonna be your best friend
Thanks for this episode. For me being alone is not easy, but being alone just you and yourself can be way to strengthen your personality, knowing your true self more. Just be who you are.
I just love how fernanda always helps me mentally i love how inspirational she is and i could literally listen to her talk for hours . Thank you so much for everything
You have such a unique and captivating personality. It's refreshing to be around someone as genuine and charming as you."
I literally look forward to Wednesdays for these podcasts ❤
There's always something to learn in every single word you say Fernanda❤
I swear, I relate to everything that she speaks on like we live the same life
I started watching this podcast since I wan't to improve my English skills.
I'm watching your videos to practice my English and for fun. Thanks!💙🙌🏻 (In 2026 summer)
I love spending time alone & I love the suggestions ❤ I went to the farmers market alone today and got a little coffee, it felt like a date with myself 😊
Sis ,isn't like most of us doesn't like time alone,go out to spend time all by ourselves,is money 😂🤦I manifest ✨✨enough money to do all of this soon🤲🤲 and thank you so much for sharing ❤I love it 😊😊
that you so much i have been needing this episode recently i love you so much for this im crying so much rn 😭
THE QUEEN POSTED LOVE U FERNANDA YOUR VIDEOS aND PODCAST EPISODES ARE SO THERAPEUTIC <33 ⭐🌑🪐
i honestly love this so much!! it is so helpful especially when my friends can’t hang out and then i don’t feel motivated to do anything but this has made it sm for me!!
BEST PODCAST EVER SO INSPIRING AND MOTIVATIONAL AND SOO POSITIVE❤
This girls is the only girl that can help me to practice my listening in English I love it ❤
I love Fernanda's videos, cause they always talk about the things that I want to learn about more. So thank You Fernanda, for putting the effort to help me and others. ❤ Love you
Thank you from Japan! you are so encouraging being myself and just makes me cry😭❤
Hello Fernanda , it was my first time improving my English listening you in this incredible topic! I loved 😍 thanks to share with us those abilities and how we can take care of ourselves! 😅
AHHHH IVE BEEN WAITING AHHHHHHH
I just clicked cause I NEEDED THIS
I love hanging in the winter. it's the most coziest time
Estoy aprendiendo ingles, y estos videos me ayudan mucho, gracias.
You make me wanna be all out and productive and actually be the show stopper
WATCHING MOUVIES, CROCHET, DRAWING , ACTULLY I AM ALL DAYS BEING ALONE AND I LOVE THAT
I like this podcast because,her voice is very soft,I enjoy the content because I like to be alone an I really want become my own best friend
i rlly love this and yes i love it when you give us a life update in the beginning especially because i also follow ur other channel ur my fav youtuber 🥰😍😍
Thanks to YouTube for introducing the podcast feature , who else loves to listen to her podcasts ???
WE LOVE YOU SM FERNANDA ❤
The "salmon" thing is so relatable 💀 "queue" was also another I used to struggle with 😂
I love this account i don’t know why i feel more confident listening to you and i love working out while listening to
me as introvert: listens to fernanda's advice
Great content at great time.... like wow you really talk the reality without fantasizing anything but romantisizing normalcy
I just started following you, really enjoyed this episode. Loved everything you talked about.
I LOVE I WAS LOOKING FOR AND OLD PODCAST AND U JUST UPLOADED ONE
Wow, the way you speak is really fast and amazing. It's a challenge for me to learn English
I’m so glad that you made this episode because when I’m out with other people, I have lots of fun but when I’m alone I feel like I’m doing nothing. Just scrolling endlessly on my phone.
Another excellent episode, I feel so grateful to be able to watch so good host in my favorite podcast😍
hi! huh, idk what to say, but im not that people who can speak english, im learning. and ur podcast make me a really free. um its fun yeah? i wanna say you thanks sm❤
Thank you, for your advice and this podcast. Your videos help me for learning English 💗
YAYYY YOU POSTED
FIRSTTT HERE FROM INSTAGRAM!!
I have been watching your podcasts for a while now & I agree with going out on dates by yourself. I did it for the first time yesterday & I realized that I enjoy my own company so much ‼️
i think she is a better podcast i love you 🥰 i learn anglais
Aaaaaaaa I love your videos ❤
Right now, I'm watching your podcast for learn and practice my english, i hope in the future enjoy your podcast understanding the topic.
Wow how did you know i just lost someone who I thought was my best friend lol
I am 13 years old and i'm an introverted extrovert and this is the first podcast i've ever watched and it's so good! you have a new Subscriber
I love being alone, I focus on my staff and it's a stunning experience.
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED, LUV U FERNANDA <3
Thank you sweetie you are so inspiring me ❤
always slaying with these new episodes >3
When Fernanda said drink some water I felt that
I'm so excited to listen your podcast ❤❤
I thank you for doing this things
This topic is for me . The I thought as my BFF she was ignoring mee , and I dunno. Thanks a lot
Im from saudi arabia i start watching you and i admire you
i love this podcats, i need to learn english
You are genius , I lost my friends and I watched bunch of your videos and now your videos is the best for me ❤
i am soo glad you made this its exactly what im looking for thank you so much
Listen to in year of 2025
You're really great thanks for this❤
Listening this podcast again because I literally loved it
i could not have found this podcast at a better time. all of these episodes have pulled me out of such a slump. thanks fernanda!
I love this! ❤ Although, I must say, please do not tell random strangers that you're out on your own. It will attract unnecessary attention. 27:13
can you make a video on how to get rid of social anxiety 🥺
I love this!
Thank u for learning me english.... I am french and podcasts like this really help me to improve my vocabulary.
📍 Get the Workbook here: https://volkaenglish.com/en-usd/products/video-66-study-pack
this guy its Dora the explorer to Adults
Great job, man! I'm Brazilian and this video helped me a lot. God bless you.
The pronunciation of the text was very helpful, please do it more often
Thanks for the pronunciation and accent training, really like it 👊
I’m a Vietnamese, I am verry happy when seeing my country in your video. Have a nice trip ❤!
Hello... I was so excited when I saw this video... He is talking so fast.
I'm living in Ho Chi Minh city. So happy when you visit Vietnam and my city. Love you from Vietnam.
Hunch,Honestly, Stained, Open up, rewind, hottest,... I'm going to check the dictionary about these words. From Cameroon 🇨🇲
When I watch your videos, I don't get bored and I learn English much faster. Thank you.❤
Thank you - the best English content I've ever learned since 2026
Wow, you're finally here. Welcome to our beloved country 😍😍😍
honestly, your video it's amazing, I can understand much better
A year later, I’m back on your channel to practice my English. Hope you get to visit Brazil someday, there are plenty of trees here for you to enjoy
The area is larger than a normal street, clean and comfortable for walking. Thank you for the video, it's very interesting for practicing English and at the same time learning about other parts of the world.
This is the best English channel on YouTube. Thank you for these efforts, guys.
Always love from mars 😂
Best method to help the person to learn English , thank you,
Wow wow wow, You actually did what I commented in one of your videos.🤩🤩🤩
Volka I hope Allah bless you whenever you are because your videos helped many people to improve their language maybe one day you will be rewarded for this good deed from Allah and thank you, please keep going 🎉
The area is very clean, sunny and comfortable.
Favorite part is pronunciation practicing 😊
I miss your home in Ecuador and its vibe.
❤❤❤مَا شَاءَ ٱللّٰهُ
describe the arera by it is a wide area and its a modern and beatiful espescally the trees make it very lifely
Welcome to Vietnam. It's great to see your video in VietNam, my country.
this urban area looks like so lively, everywhere driving motorcycles and there so much cafe and rest, i really like this country for that yea. thank u volka, i start understand english much better for u
it's time to increse my level. thanks
Hi Volka i'm from Uzbekistan and i've been watching your vlogs every single day i really appreciated you👩‍🎓
Wellcome to Việt Nam. I hope you and your older brother enjoy plenty of great food in Vietnam. Be sure to visit Phong Nha, Hạ Long Bay, Hội An, Hà Nội.....
Hello my idol, welcome to vietnam 🎉🎉🎉
The you tube channel is really helpful. I'm down continue practice English here. I am from Brazil, learned very with you today.
Most beautiful thing in this video was seeing how much motorcycle in Vietnam and their culture. I very glad that i watched this video. Thanks for teaching me English by describing something.
I was waiting for your videos... With them, I’m learning new words, rhythm, and how to speak naturally. Thank you Volka❤
At first I watched your videos with subtitles but now I'm watching without subtitles😊
Hi volka!I wish you go to China, especially Shanghai, Suzhou,and Wuxi
My favorite part in your vídeo was the trees!! I really like that tree
Hi volka, I really like your videos, thank you for all of your video, it's help me to learn a new words
The pronounciation practice was so good , I am glad if you add more practices like that . This is really helpful ❤.
Just Looking A WOW
I'm from Vietnam and I admire you so much
Muito bom, que legal🎉🎉
Really love this new shadowing segment. You make it so much easier to follow your pronunciation and tone. Every sentence just fits the street scene perfectly. So helpful and well thought out. Hope we can see more of this later!😊
I finally watched all videos from the first one.
You finally visit my country, appreciate it guy
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Thank you for this video Volka, im watching the video while drink coffe
This is the best video so far the edit and the shadow part please more of like this video it's very helpful ❤
i'm from VIET NAM and i love this vlog. WELCOME TO VIET NAM and have a nice day!!!
part of "pronunciation and accent training"is good❤😊
Continue I love the section that you added
I like your videos Bcuz of your clear voice and it's hearing clear
Welcom to my country !!!
I am from Brazil, do you channel is very good. My English improved by watching your videos, thank you. 😁
Yes it was helpful ❤
This area is big, nice and not crowded. Greetings from Poland❤
Thank you so much for making these videos !
La pronunciación del texto fue muy útil, por favor hazlo más a menudo es exelente
Welcome to my country! Have a nice trip.
I like the shadowing section on the video
The pronunciation of the text very helpful 👍👍👍
Is very helpful
It's aways a nice video! Thank u for sharing with us! I'm from Brazil and a english lover ♥
Thanks for your welcome to Vietnam
I appreciate you
Bro your just too good i have no words .litterly learning while enjoying vitnamesse beauty❤
thank you so much. i am a vietnamese. i love this video. hove you have more ....
Thank you! i from Brazil!
*Thanks , the video is great !*
It is a very good video to understand english. Thank you so much.
It's very helpful
❤Thank you for the educational content.
Captions are very helpful. Please keep it
Hello I am Vietnamese , I really like This Video And It is very helpful thank
omg thanks you soo much Volka❤❤
Hello, thank you very much for the useful videos. I live in Ho Chi Minh City.
I am from Bangladesh, every day waching your video.
Thanks for talking clearly, you always helped me and I enjoy your lessons a lot
❤❤❤مَا شَاءَ ٱللّٰهُ good
Thank you Volka for very interesting excursions with easy English learning.😊❤
I like your Chanel. I learn many new words from it. It’s very helpful. Thanks so much.
thank u your video very helpful
These vdos are really helpful make more like these bro
I am in Africa 🇧🇮🇧🇮🇧🇮🇧🇮thank you so much for teach me english
Nice content, keep going mate
a little early release for my YouTube besties oxox
Don't forget to leave your questions for Dr. Amen!!!
“God doesn’t need me, God wants me”. Mic drop! Feel super convicted in such a good way from the second half of this episode. Thank you Sazan for opening up and sharing what you are learning!🙏🏽
Girl i need more podcast once a week is not enough for me
I love your CA summer vacation tradition 💙
How to overcome fear, especially at night. 😢
This was beautiful Sazan! That prayer at the end felt so powerful 🥹❤️
He wants our needy hearts, yes😊
Can you ask Dr. Amen as a man of science, how did he become a believer? What did that look like? Also very curious about anxiety disorders, best remedies that don’t alter your personality too much.
Can you ask what is the best way to handle anxiety?
How to know if you have ADHD as a woman. Best natural supplements for help!
"When I'm reading in Portuguese, there's a part of my soul that is activated", I feel exactly the same way. I usually say that English is the language of my brain, whereas Portuguese is the language of my heart. ❤️
Ownn... that was really cool! Portuguese is beautiful. I love it. 🤗👏👏
The best teacher ever ❤
"Because that's my mother tongue." I loved that!!!!💓
I love your videos because you talk about things that no teachers talk about, at all! Thanks for that 🙏🏽❤️
sou brasileiro do rio de janeiro apesar de tudo que esta acontecendo no país mesmo assim amo o brasil!
I feel exactly the same. After 10 years living abroad I can relate to what you said “I fit in perfectly but I also love my mother tongue” ❤
You inspire me! Thanks for that 🥰
Very interesting story — twenty years speaking English, that’s so nice! You learned English in England? 😯 I like Djavan too. What was your favorite soap opera?
I do love my Portuguese 💖
omg! I read “tudo é rio” this year and it’s outstanding!! I love the way the author combines ‘n chooses the words and also how she builds the sentences!
Saeedah ngebuktiin kalo berhijab bahkan berniqab pun sama sekali bukan penghalang buat jadi keren dan berkarya
Nonton ini jadi bikin makin percaya diri buat tetep istiqomah berhijab di mana pun kita berada
I love how Saeedah described herself as independent, kind, and curious. Such a beautiful combination
Huge respect to Wardah for bringing Saeedah Haque onto this series. Such an empowering and thought-provoking interview
suka banget pas dia cerita soal dulu kerja biasa terus tetap ngejar passionnya. kadang kita suka ngerasa ketinggalan padahal semua orang juga mulai dari bawah🥹
suka deh sama ngobrolnya dewi sandra dan saeedah haque, insightful tapi tetap ringan ditonton
curiosity is such an underrated trait. Loved hearing Saeedah talk about it
this is one of those conversations that leaves you thinking long after it ends
It is refreshing to hear someone value kindness as much as ambition
kaya denger obrolan dua sahabat yang ngalir ringan tapi sebenernya banyak ngebuka perspektif dan wawasan. sukaaa
she seems like the kind of person who knows exactly why shes doing what shes doing👍
hearing another woman talk about building something from scratch is always inspiring😍
This conversation is a beautiful reminder that our passion is a gift we must nurture
honestly, this felt like listening to someone whos very secure with herself
kerasa banget positive energy-nya dari awal sampai akhir video 😇
suka part Saeedah bilang passion is not meant to be left alone, it needs to be tapped into. memotivasi aku bgt
Aku suka banget pas Saeedah bilang kalau kita nggak harus mewakili semua hijabi di dunia. Kadang perempuan dibebani ekspektasi yang terlalu besar, padahal kita juga manusia yang punya cerita masing-masing.
that success doesnt always come from following the expected path👌
Saeedah Haque ngebuka mata aku klo abaya bisa jadi the ultimate form of self-expression yang cool dan tetap syar i 🥹
Salut, Dewi tahan silau dan panas menerpa wajahnya sepanjang wawancara. Sangat professional.
Dewi Sandra asked such meaningful questions. The conversation flowed so naturally.
The part where she said you dont need anyones permission really hit me. So many women spend years waiting for validation before starting something:((
Jujur speechless pas dia bilang fashion is political. Cara pandang dia soal abaya jadi streetwear tu next level yg sesungguhnya
like srsly, being independent while staying kind is a powerful balance
Definisi walking the talk sih Saeedah ini, berani rilis koleksi eksklusif buat support para hijabi di Prancis
kok aku malah jadi lebih tertarik sama cara dia berpikir daripada fashionnya sendiri🥹
I am wardah consumer, tapi belum ada pasta gigi wardah ya? Atau sudah ada? Kalau belum bikin yaaa, thanks
powerful reminder that women don't have to fit into one definition to be successful.
her energy is so calm but somehow everything she says sticks with you🤍
what i admire most is how she uses her success to make other women feel seen instead of making everything about herself🫶