the red lip looks great too!
Hi abby. I think you should let social media go and only create when you actually want to. Stick with YouTube so you have a good balance😊 excited for new years reset
Where is your robe from?:)
Did you contact the seller on Amazon? They may be able to email you the instructions.
Have you had your hormones tested recently? Sounds like PMDD which is unfortunately common but not normal! It might be a low progesterone issue!
I listen for you because learn english
Your face card is insane girlllll
As someone with no friends this lowkey cure me
You saved me from my withdrawal phase, thank you ❤
I’m so glad I found this. I really needed this today. My mental health hasn’t been the best so thank you.
The fact that I’m watching this on sundayyy
Girll you are damnn gorgeous and you seem sooo sweet and kind one of my favourite youtubers lov eyou ❤️
This is my first impression and I don't usually feel connected to youtubers right off the bat but you have a warm aura and make me feel comfortable ❤
Omg you’re four months younger than me this makes me feel so weird I feel like you’re so much further in life 😭🙈
i liked the yapping session
Omg girlllll we’re the same age I’m 02/02/2000 I love seeing creators who are my age!
I have curly hair and once I straighten my hair the rain comes 😢that’s unbelievable 😅
Simplifying your skincare really does help! Also Cerave healing ointment is the best for perioral dermatitis especially in the winter when it gets dry
You give us positive energy ❤️‍🩹😍
you girl talks are really the best <3
The bby pink lipgloss matches a los with you!! don’t throw that away. It looks so good on you.
omg your so pretty! what the heck! <3
Your natural hair looks extremely good why do you straight it You should try the curly hair routine it would look adorable on you ❤
Omg the girl that I started to love ❤️ was born on the same day as me, April 24th. 2000 omg 🎉🎉
ur gorgeoussss i love your vidss
so many well-deserved opportunities coming your way in your golden year ! aahh, so happy for you🤍
You are one of the most beautiful women i have ever seeeeeen
Omg you’re so pretty you don’t even need makeup!♥️
I literally have curly hair just like you and literally every time I straighten it it rains lol
Shoulder tap for us gurlies with very sensitive skin.
You and Anneliese Judge (from sweet magnolias) look so alikee <3
I'm new here and immeadiately love u❤
Straightening the hair is so real
off topic,but i think you look so much like margaret qualley!!
Kianaaaaa can you pls pls plsss share your workout routineeeee??
I like your personality masha'allah ❤
gurl you are gorgeous ❤
i use vanicream and it's so good!!!
Your phone cam quality is amazing wayyyyyy better than the actual cam , what phone are u using 💕💕
Cameras film in a flatter looking way so you can color grade it properly afterwards. Most modern phones add saturation to colors, hence the difference.
Lie to girls is my fav too cuz it’s just that good 29:20
This is my first time here but...i already loveeeee herrrrrrr!💖💖 I loveee hearing her talk!!
1:11, ik this was a while back but that's just the white balance being off lol
I don't know English but watch because I love you and learn from
me caeiste bien, nueva seguidora
A lot offffff words, action packed with emotions
Me having to google busy-body, I've never heard it used that way lol
we have the same birthdayyy
you kind of remind me of phoebe tonkin!
my name’s liana and i have the same birthday WHAT? crazy
i just turned 24 last april 24th!! we have the same birthday! ✨
What blow dry brush did you use? EDIT: for anyone who wants to know, I think it’s the Revlon Oval One Step Volumizer Plus Hair Dryer
Use the skin1004 centella ampoule as spot treatment on the painful pimples. They'll be gone in few days!
I think not using toxins is very interesting 👏
You would look SO good with bangs!❤
OH MY GOD YES PLEASE DO A ENTIRE LANA DEL REY OR TAY TAY DISCOGRAFY RATING! I WOULD SO WATCH IT OMG
FINALLY!! I love your new name Aria!! 💌 It suits you so much!! Also, you don't have to be insecure, you're a wonderful human being! 🩷
I swear so many people don't like their given name💀 my name makes me sound middle aged💀💀
omg I literally screamed when you said adelala. I love her and your channels so much!
WAKE UP PPL MOTHER HAS POSTED!! 🙇🏻‍♀️
ARIA!! Emailing therapists isn’t embarrassing, trust me that it’s better to talk to someone about it rather than face it on your own. Anyway i’m glad that you’re feeling better now, I wish you the best!
the way Adela and you are litterally exactly the only aeshtetic vloggers that actually entertain me is so funny!
My name is Aria as well! I’m glad that you like your name better now :) It makes me happy you know that one of my favorite YouTubers has the same name as me 🩷
YES I LOVE ADELA SM AHHHH
the way ur almost at 200k already i’m so proud of u so well deserved
OMG HEAVY ON THE STEPHANIE SOO!! I have been watching her for years now and I love her storytelling I’m always so focused and entertained
WAKE UP SUSHI HAS POSTED‼️‼️‼️
STOPP you and Adelala i watch yall both and yall both look like gorgeous Disney princesss 😭🫶🏻
8:20 pippa fitz-amobi vibesssssss
I noticed your beebadoobee poster in the background at the beginning and when you spoke about clairo and beeba i got really excited!! Can't way for 200k you deserve it sushi
YES I HAVE BEEN WAITiNG FOR YOU TO SAY YOUR NAME!!!
10:11 YES. yes. I’m so glad I’m not the only one.
Omg my name is aria I’ve never loved it a lot but the fact the my favorite YouTuber has the same name as me makes me so happy!!! 🥹💗
Yo you did the reveal 2:00 thats so relatable bro
10:50 I'm in that phase right now 😭😭
Hi motherrrr im EARLY , CMON mother be proud of me 😭 Can I get a heart 🥺
My fav youtubers are you and Stephanie soo
WAKE UPPP!!! UR MOM POSTED 🎉
omgg luv stephanie soo
HELP HAHAH NOT THE FIRST THING YOU DO WHEN YOU UNBOX THE PLAY BUTTON IS PUTTING A RIBON ON IT😭😭 I LOVE IT HAHAA
Hey welcome to the Aria club c:
OMG MOTHER HAS POSTED I LOVE YOUU
8:07 LIKE UR AND ADELALA IS MY FAV UTUBERS BRO U GAVE ME THIS AESTHEIT.
MOTHER FINALLY MADE LUNCH
wake up mother has given us our vitamins
I WAS BORN IN OXFORD TOO?!?! AWWWWWWWWWW😍😍😍😍😍
UR NEW NAME IS SO CUTE OMGG
I am also an IB student girl I FEEL YOU 😭
There are a lot of aesthetic vlogging channels ur’s is one i will never get bored of
hii!! i just wanted to say ilysm and I’m so proud of you for earning 100k!! you’re literally my idol and you’ve come so far in only 4 months <3 congrats mother 💖⭐️
I am an Educ Student, and I find your program somehow helpful for my course, you're so informative🌸
The iconic bow has striked once more
Omg when u we’re talking abt YouTubers u adelala and rotten mango r literally my favorite YouTubers I love the crossover too much fr
wtf girl I DID NOT KNOW YOU WERE CHINESE. bestie material i love you i am also chinese ❤
I STARTED SCREAMING WHEN YOU MENTIONED ADELA 💞💞 BOTH OF YOU GUYS ARE MY INSPO 😭💞💞
Ohh congrats on getting your name changed!! When I turn 18 I’m 100% changing my name 1:42
plsssss do a taylor or lana ranking i would love that
WAKE UP MOTHER HAS POSTED
Wake up queen has posted:)
OMGG My questionnn lm really fr cryinggggggb tysmmmm i luv ur channellll
Oh my god! I can't believe i'm this early, i'm so excited to watch this! I love you so much and i appreciate everything you do for us 💞
Im so happy you posted you are my favorite youtuber ❤️ Always wen i come Home from School and im sad i have Always Watch you And im a really Big fan❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
omg stephanie soo supremacy 😭🖐️
omg I’m going to die I have the EXACT same music taste as youuuuu except sometimes I listen to the weekend idk 💗💕
Omggg I luv Stephanie soo and mr. ballen too!
AHHHHHH I LOVE STEPHANIE SOO!
im gonna watch this while getting ready for bed 😛
OMG! Love ur new name, soooo cute. I used to love the name Aria, like I would pretend my name was aria. I think this has opened up a centuries long addiction. Suits u so muchhhh
YESSASS! ALL HAIL MAM SUSHI!!!!
Girl I was not expecting those beautiful vocalssss
..... Alice is the popstar the world needs. Your voice is beautiful!!!
12:12 that person was lying. . . your eyes aren’t far apart
omg girl how did I just find you?! 😭 you Like all my faves(BP, NCT DREAM, H2H) And you’re soo gorgeous 🩵🩷
OMG this was such a well structured makeup tutorial THANK YOU QUEEN 🫶
OMG NCT MENTIONED. girl i like u and your music taste
6:57 stopp because im so obsessed with style too, its such a bop fr
YOUR SKIN??!!! soooo gorg
wide set eyes are so ethereal!!!
omg another wjsn stan <3 im so sad theyre not active anymore
Omggg The queen posted!! :D Love u girlll 💞
is it just me or when you were doing your makeup, the camera was focused on the background like your bed and vanity was clear and you're kinda blurry😭
you’re so gorgeous im trying to glow up and i love your makeup and your fits 😭 thank you for this
ok so new fav youtuber unlocked , thank you very much
Wait i also use that Purito bamboo panthenol moisturizer at night!!
Legit lold when you said "whatever, that guy will start to cough in five days". I was like omg yaaaas girl.💀☠Badass comment tbh. Also love, love, love this lil' tutorial. Cute!💖
NCT ALWAYS AT THE CRIME SCENE
You're so funny & entertaining, just subbed! I like your singing voice! Also, whoever said your eyes were far apart was fcking lying, dude was prob jealous that he could never pull a baddie as stunning as you💖
LMFAOOOO that's literally me every day 10:57 like my mom is probably tired but it's so catchy tho u.u
Your singing voice is so beautiful!🫶😙
u're beautiful and confident. very inspiring
Omg I’m going to the blackpink concert in London as well !!!! 💕
OH MY GOD PRETTY PRETTY CEZENIEE
omggggg i love Hearts2Hearts!!
I've been waiting so long for this tut😭❤️
Girl closet tour when 🥲
LOVE YOU ALL TIME!!!! Can do room tour?
I enjoyed watching this :) btw, I loved your singing voice
GURLLLLL YOU ARE SO FUNNY AND GORGEOUS
you're literally my favorite person ever
This was the best makeup tutorial for me💕💕💕🥺🥺
I just saw jump in chicago for deadline tour and it was AMAZING. You are so pretty have the best time at their concert 🤩🤗
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
u inspired me a lot, u are so unique and especial love uuu
that hate comment was so mean :( you are so beautiful! keep doing you alice ilysm
you are gorgeous and tbh im rlly en captured by your beauty
Omg I love ur hair where did u get ur thermal brush
pleaseplease drop an album girlie 😭
omg youre so cute and pretty and then u suddenly talk abt nct dream's new álbum??? instantly subscribed
So happy to find a new icon to watch🥹
no jump is definitely one of BP's best releases 😭 i like to think people were more mad at the actual live performance
what brush did you use for blush? it looks so perfect!
Please release new music !!! 😔😔
omg your voice??? its so beautiful
labubu dubai chocolate is like tik tok trend final boss
i have the biggest friend crush on you ever UGHHHH
idk if anyone has asked this before but WHERE did you get those clips to hold your hair! they are so cute
where did u get that necklace? its so cute!!
Can you tell me the name of that red heart shape for your makeup and where can I find one, thanks.
girl... you can singgggggggg!!!!! did you audition for the new global girl group? please tell me you did
have you ever think to do some room tour ?
where is the necklace from ??
What lashes are you using ?
odio el felquillo con todo mi ser pero a ti se te ve lindo
You look like Megan from katseye!
U look so much like Megan from katseye
Why do i feel like i’ve seen this before
What camera was that? It looks so hd and crisp but it lacks on auto focusing 😢
girl im sprry but the new cmera is super blurry :(
WJSN left a hole in a kpop and no ones filling it correctly
originally yogurt was TURKISH nOt greek.
girl POST SONGS NOW 🔫🔫
You’ve been through a lot but we’re happy you’re doing a lot better now 🤍
Finally. The best part ot the Monday. Thank you Eva 🤍
Sorry you went through so much at the end of the year, you are not only beautiful, you are one of the sweetest people ever. I'm happy to hear that you have come out stronger than ever
10/10 yap sesh. So proud to see how you're moving through this crazy world and I can't wait to see the greatness that's in store <3
happy early bday !! the world is a better place with you in it :)
u r the best, i'm getting to the lifestyle when i'm not scared to try smth new and do whatever i want, keep improving and being your self <3
I have similar experiences dealing with social anxiety and I’m glad you’re putting yourself first and saying yes to things in life. I’m working on that too . May God make this year full of blessings for you 💖
sooo nice to learn more about u, and whoa stepping out of ur comfort zone and finally doing things for urself is a huge step gang proud of u
Have a good year Eva! Some things were relateable and i am 32. Keep us posted on your year☺️
please never apologise for ur yapping, we love it❤
eva, happy early birthday and you deserve the world, god bless you
Glad you're doing well and are finding your rhythm :) Keep on going and I'm sure you'll get everything you are looking for. Much love <3
i think this was fantastic! Looking forward to see what 2025 brings!!! Happy (be-early) Birthday!!!
Glad your doing good Eva this years gonna be great
Your so beautiful and don't be scared but be careful out there
You go queen!! It is going to be your year!!!🎉❤
Thank u for sharing eva.
CANT WAIT FOR THE SUBATHONNNNN🤭🤭🤭
you are so incredibly beautiful also you seem like such a cool person, even though i only know you through social media i feel like we would be friends in real life. oh and happy birthday:)
4:55 girl literally us i try to eat healthy but in the end always end up eating smth sweet😭
8:29 ayee get it eva hahaha
mastering yaping is crazy but its 10/10 yap
went ahead and threw this on the big screen during my meeting today. people were too invested had to turn it off.
WHOEVER cheated on you, that person need to be hurt like fr, sorry for the harsh words but its true
Hi Eva my name is wendall desjarlais do you know me
Hi Eva. I'm looking for new friends. I'm from Poland and my English is cringe but I'm trying. I found you on YouTube, we are even similar. if you are interested and want to talk. let me know. :)
youtube has genuinely felt like a family with u, it makes me feel so so connected and related to u🫶🏻
Omg I was dying for these updates! 👏
Welcome back! 😬. I always love the REALISTIC positive energy.
📒 Get the 5000 Most Common English Words PDF here: https://volkaenglish.com/products/new-5000-english-words-vocabulary-textbook-combo-985-pages
Thaks for sharing your learns
I am korean. I like kimchi too My kimchi is very delicious. next when you come korea,I want to give you kitmchi. I had seaweed soup and kimchi and egg fry and sidedishs for lunch.
I would like to taste some kimchi, cause it lools very delicious!
I like the way u r teaching us 🥰😘
i hope you will enjoy your vacation and get some wonderful memories in Việt Nam❤ i'm not sure if you're there but i just wanted to wish you well
It's Really comprehensible Input I Understand Everything💜
1:43 lol 😆 You sneeze just like me, very strongly.😅
I haven't tried it but I think it is a great
Hi guys, l have ate some rice at lunch.That is so delicious. I really enjoy it
i had for lunch couscous🍽🥰
I am also a homebody because I also prefer to stay at home when weather isn't of my mood
I never eat kimichi but it looks good
you need to come to Morocco and try all the amazing Unique Rich fresh food volka I think you will love Morocco so much 🥹
Hello from Russia 🪆🪆🪆 Volka!
I didn't try kimchi in my life but if I have an opportunity to try it I would do it
I want to learn speaking English
I haven't tried the kimchi yet it feels a japanes food
I ate turkish kofte meatballs with mashed potatoes for my lunch
Your hair is similar to mine😂
I eat my kiwis with its peel , taste good .
Hello volka I am from India I want to learn English spoken form beginner type Please guide me
I have never tried Kimith.
I eat some carrot for the lunch today and some beef with the potatoes.
Plz come to India, especially u must visit the Kerala ❤️🤌🏻
I need speaking practice if are you want to practice to anyone, reply pls..
Anyone for studying English together?
I really want to know what camera are you using for shooting? It’s too steady
I Changed my name into English 😂😂😂
I'm homebody but if you staying all over whole day at home that will be boring isn't
the link is not working
Is anyone want to speak with me?,i just reach B1 level,but i still feel strugle when i speak,reply me please😁😁
Yeah I am from Pakistan and I amhome body and hot body also
you HAVE to come to Morocco🫠
Someone using an android phone!! 👏🙏🙌
This is totally inspiring, wonderfully calming, and deeply philosophical, all at the same time. A gem for new creators!
the most relaxing tutorial I've ever watched, why does this make me sad and happy at the same time ? haha
As someone who plans to start filming this was such a treat and joy to watch. Thank you so much. Btw., when you put the cake on the plate tears filled my eyes... so there you go :)
Very calm and comfortable, thank you!❤
This was fantastic. The mystique, the simplicity, the sounds. Loved every minute.
The lighting is perfect in your home 👌
FRRRR ghibli movies, laid back camp and frieren are the most comforting, calm animes out there! 😭🍁
This came at the right time thank you so much for sharing 🎉🙏🥰
These shots and perspectives are so beautiful 😍😍
This is sooo beautiful! 🥺 It was a hug for my heart
MasyaAllah Tabarakallah...what a beautiful Scenery ! 😍
OMG! I love this!!! ❤. Takes the pressure off of trying to come with things to talk about
you are a pure soul.... lots of love from india
the silent that makes sense, i love ur way of how u share ur knowledge about vlogging ang placing camera thumbs up for u🎉
Awwwwwww. So lovely to watch. So wonderful to know. So kind of you to make. Thankyou. ❤
Good luck on your YouTube journey guys! You got this ❤
17 min of my life not wasted. Inspiring messages and awesome storytelling. ❤
What a peaceful 18 minutes, never skipped anything!
Enjoyed watching from start to finish. Thank you.
Nice and very calm sceneries.
Well done with honesty and openness, subscribed right at the end ❤❤❤
Goosebumps... 😅 felt like watching a great movie. ❤
Please keep uploading, you guys are best
Well done miss.. thought out and presented well
Wow this is just amazing the music is relaxing and calming💕🌸
25:47 "You are not running out of time, you're just running on someone else's timeline" GIRL, THIS IS GENIUS. the way I gasped at hearing that.
IN UNISON WE SAY - LOVE TAM ,STAN TAM🗣️💋
I’m very serious when it comes to friends. I can confidently say i have no friends. I believe i can have a healthy friendship one day. Maybe in my next chapter in this life
omg girl, i started putting myself first, prioritising myself over other people and my mom went on an hour talk of how I became "selfish" for self love
"People leave your life because they had to leave with a part of you that needed to die" OMG. The thought this statement sparked.
The loudest person in the room and "fake" confidence hits home for me. I have an ex-friend who was like that
you are my online guardian angel...ilysm
WAKE UP, our queen posted !!! ❤
I swear every woman needs to read Feminine Seduction Code book. You can attract everything you desire. So underrated
Definitely communication is key because relationships will fall apart if you can't talk to each other 😅
12:50 Fear of loneliness and close proximity is the real tea
Caught you in 17 secondssss .... Gurl ... You don't know how big fan I am of you ... 1st Like ... 1st Comment ... Omg !!! 🎀💌😭
ur like a big sister to all of us
I see, I clickk (the earliest I have beeen)
Tam is truly the best girls girl out there💛
We know exactly when a friendship is no longer aligned with us but it's also difficult to let go of it sometimes
Tam please make a vedio on how to protect your energy and how to not let other people's energy control you.🌷 And how to be calm in chaos (in family).
TAM! i genuinely love you so much. forever grateful that I've been raised with this mindset - and I didn't just discover it myself. ur basically my online bigger sister.
Bring back your jwellery brand PLEASEE 😭😭
YOU HAVE HELPED ME SO MUCH TAM U DON'T UNDERSTAND I LOVE YOU SO MUCHH💓💓💓
Best advices from the best girl 💗✨
ahh! The amount of answer i Got💕 We r so blessed to have you Tam.
I swear tams timing is always perfect ❤
This is litarly giving sleepover spill the teaa❤❤ love you Tam
hiiii tam,just wanted to let you know that you are so pretty and intelligent
I swear the timing is crazy ...also you look so beautiful ❤
I needed friendship advice thank you Tam 💋💌 love youu
planning on buying your book soon!!! thank you for everything you've done for us <33
Can I just say how much I appreciate when you put pictures, like tables and diagrams, to help us understand better 💓 Love u, Tam
The goddesses posted on time as always 😊
I watched the self development part on repeat!! Cuz my gurl talks so soothingly and speaks all the stuff that uplifts my energy. She's therapy. She's love, she's light!!!💗💗💗
TAMMMMMMM!!!! pleasee please wear your jwellery againnn❤
We need a makeup tutorial. Your makeup is beautiful girl 🩷
My favorite part was everything , but I really loved the part where you talked about how others chickens make you feel behind and about your 20s as well .😊
The friendship part was just so good 😭💗
Tam out of topic but the makeup today suits you so much !! You looked so adorable today ❤
Tam your our big sis thank you for healing us !💘🫂
Ohhhhhh I am so ready for girl talk!❤❤❤
listening to this while working cos i feel like i needed it
GOD, this women is extraordinary!!!!
for those asking, my one and only cinematic vlogging colour grade: https://www.byjasonz.com
Self-doubt is one of the biggest enemies. I just need to learn how to overcome it!!!!
The advice about not sticking strictly to chronological order is a game-changer for storytelling🎥✨
Document your life like a journal with how your feeling in those moments really simplified it for me. Thank you
7:09 what a beautiful shot bro, holy
just wanting to journal my adventures is exactly why I started vlogging. 7:40 is exactly where im at right now, thanks for sharing!! 🙌
Always very helpful and informative.
omfg your color grading is iNSANE I LOVE IT
Only a few seconds in and already know I’m gonna watch this one til the end. Just had to come on here to show some love bro! Love the vibes 🙏
5:40 I would argue this is a moment when you go for the camera you always have with you and use your phone to capture that moment and make it yours
Bro am here eating a sausage on my lunch 🥙 break while watching my questions being answered. Thanks man..
I agree with your statement about reflection and sharing feelings and thoughts.
You are the string tying all the clips together, that is such an inspiring way to think about the personal touch in vlogging🎥✨
Restarting my Youtube journey from 1st Jan 2025. Will come back here on December 31, 2025 to see how much I have grown because your tips are really good.
Your colour grading is great!
The advice to not limit yourself to chronological order is so helpful, It really opens up the creative possibilities for storytelling
This is such a great message! Thank you for sharing, I’m starting over from square one simply because I love doing this! ❤ keep going everyone!!!
I am from Peru and I find your work very inspiring ! Keep Going ! Best wishes 🙌
Super fun and creative!
I could watch this all day.
Manz is so talented! God Bless brother
This deserves endless likes.
This advice is gold. We’ve just started vlogging our life moving to Japan & definitely need this inspo, thank you!
really great tips Jason! Thanks for the inspo!
omg! you articulate my thought process so well! subscribed 💛
This was so fun to watch.
Your scenes are so good! the colour thoo 🤌
Thankyou bro this was so informational and thanks for the help with the tripod !
This is exactly what I needed.
just got back into vlogging recently so these tips were super helpful!
WHAT DO YOU LIKE TO DO ALONE?
your english is so easy to understand
WHO ELSE LOVES THE LITTLE INTRO MUSIC
One thing i learned when i was a child Was, you're always gonna be your best friend
You have such a unique and captivating personality. It's refreshing to be around someone as genuine and charming as you."
There's always something to learn in every single word you say Fernanda❤
isn't like most of us doesn't like time alone,go out to spend time all by ourselves,is money 😂🤦I manifest ✨✨enough money to do all of this soon🤲🤲 and thank you so much for sharing ❤I love it 😊😊
i honestly love this so much!! it is so helpful especially when my friends can’t hang out and then i don’t feel motivated to do anything but this has made it sm for me!!
This girls is the only girl that can help me to practice my listening in English I love it ❤
Hello Fernanda , it was my first time improving my English listening you in this incredible topic! I loved 😍 thanks to share with us those abilities and how we can take care of ourselves! 😅
AHHHH IVE BEEN WAITING AHHHHHHH
I just clicked cause I NEEDED THIS
You make me wanna be all out and productive and actually be the show stopper
WATCHING MOUVIES, CROCHET, DRAWING , ACTULLY I AM ALL DAYS BEING ALONE AND I LOVE THAT
The "salmon" thing is so relatable 💀 "queue" was also another I used to struggle with 😂
me as introvert: listens to fernanda's advice
the way you speak is really fast and amazing. It's a challenge for me to learn English
FIRSTTT HERE FROM INSTAGRAM!!
Wow how did you know i just lost someone who I thought was my best friend lol
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED, LUV U FERNANDA <3
When Fernanda said drink some water I felt that
This topic is for me . The I thought as my BFF she was ignoring mee , and I dunno. Thanks a lot
Im from saudi arabia i start watching you and i admire you
i am soo glad you made this its exactly what im looking for thank you so much
You're really great thanks for this❤
this guy its Dora the explorer to Adults
The pronunciation of the text was very helpful, please do it more often
I'm living in Ho Chi Minh city. So happy when you visit Vietnam and my city. Love you from Vietnam.
Honestly, Stained, Open up, rewind, hottest,... I'm going to check the dictionary about these words. From Cameroon 🇨🇲
you're finally here. Welcome to our beloved country 😍😍😍
Always love from mars 😂
Best method to help the person to learn English , thank you,
The area is very clean, sunny and comfortable.
Favorite part is pronunciation practicing 😊
I miss your home in Ecuador and its vibe.
describe the arera by it is a wide area and its a modern and beatiful espescally the trees make it very lifely
this urban area looks like so lively, everywhere driving motorcycles and there so much cafe and rest, i really like this country for that yea. thank u volka, i start understand english much better for u
it's time to increse my level. thanks
Wellcome to Việt Nam. I hope you and your older brother enjoy plenty of great food in Vietnam. Be sure to visit Phong Nha, Hạ Long Bay, Hội An, Hà Nội.....
Hello my idol, welcome to vietnam 🎉🎉🎉
Hi volka!I wish you go to China, especially Shanghai, Suzhou,and Wuxi
My favorite part in your vídeo was the trees!! I really like that tree
The pronounciation practice was so good , I am glad if you add more practices like that . This is really helpful ❤.
I'm from Vietnam and I admire you so much
Muito bom, que legal🎉🎉
Really love this new shadowing segment. You make it so much easier to follow your pronunciation and tone. Every sentence just fits the street scene perfectly. So helpful and well thought out. Hope we can see more of this later!😊
You finally visit my country, appreciate it guy
part of "pronunciation and accent training"is good❤😊
Continue I love the section that you added
This area is big, nice and not crowded. Greetings from Poland❤
La pronunciación del texto fue muy útil, por favor hazlo más a menudo es exelente
Welcome to my country! Have a nice trip.
The pronunciation of the text very helpful 👍👍👍
Bro your just too good i have no words .litterly learning while enjoying vitnamesse beauty❤
Captions are very helpful. Please keep it
omg thanks you soo much Volka❤❤
I like your Chanel. I learn many new words from it. It’s very helpful. Thanks so much.
These vdos are really helpful make more like these bro
I am in Africa 🇧🇮🇧🇮🇧🇮🇧🇮thank you so much for teach me english
a little early release for my YouTube besties oxox
Don't forget to leave your questions for Dr. Amen!!!
How to overcome fear, especially at night. 😢
This was beautiful Sazan! That prayer at the end felt so powerful 🥹❤️
Can you ask Dr. Amen as a man of science, how did he become a believer? What did that look like? Also very curious about anxiety disorders, best remedies that don’t alter your personality too much.
Can you ask what is the best way to handle anxiety?
How to know if you have ADHD as a woman. Best natural supplements for help!
"When I'm reading in Portuguese, there's a part of my soul that is activated", I feel exactly the same way. I usually say that English is the language of my brain, whereas Portuguese is the language of my heart. ❤️
Ownn... that was really cool! Portuguese is beautiful. I love it. 🤗👏👏
"Because that's my mother tongue." I loved that!!!!💓
sou brasileiro do rio de janeiro apesar de tudo que esta acontecendo no país mesmo assim amo o brasil!
I feel exactly the same. After 10 years living abroad I can relate to what you said “I fit in perfectly but I also love my mother tongue” ❤
You inspire me! Thanks for that 🥰
Very interesting story — twenty years speaking English, that’s so nice! You learned English in England? 😯 I like Djavan too. What was your favorite soap opera?
omg! I read “tudo é rio” this year and it’s outstanding!! I love the way the author combines ‘n chooses the words and also how she builds the sentences!
Saeedah ngebuktiin kalo berhijab bahkan berniqab pun sama sekali bukan penghalang buat jadi keren dan berkarya
Nonton ini jadi bikin makin percaya diri buat tetep istiqomah berhijab di mana pun kita berada
suka banget pas dia cerita soal dulu kerja biasa terus tetap ngejar passionnya. kadang kita suka ngerasa ketinggalan padahal semua orang juga mulai dari bawah🥹
suka deh sama ngobrolnya dewi sandra dan saeedah haque, insightful tapi tetap ringan ditonton
curiosity is such an underrated trait. Loved hearing Saeedah talk about it
this is one of those conversations that leaves you thinking long after it ends
It is refreshing to hear someone value kindness as much as ambition
kaya denger obrolan dua sahabat yang ngalir ringan tapi sebenernya banyak ngebuka perspektif dan wawasan. sukaaa
hearing another woman talk about building something from scratch is always inspiring😍
This conversation is a beautiful reminder that our passion is a gift we must nurture
honestly, this felt like listening to someone whos very secure with herself
suka part Saeedah bilang passion is not meant to be left alone, it needs to be tapped into. memotivasi aku bgt
Aku suka banget pas Saeedah bilang kalau kita nggak harus mewakili semua hijabi di dunia. Kadang perempuan dibebani ekspektasi yang terlalu besar, padahal kita juga manusia yang punya cerita masing-masing.
that success doesnt always come from following the expected path👌
Saeedah Haque ngebuka mata aku klo abaya bisa jadi the ultimate form of self-expression yang cool dan tetap syar i 🥹
Dewi tahan silau dan panas menerpa wajahnya sepanjang wawancara. Sangat professional.
Dewi Sandra asked such meaningful questions. The conversation flowed so naturally.
The part where she said you dont need anyones permission really hit me. So many women spend years waiting for validation before starting something:((
Jujur speechless pas dia bilang fashion is political. Cara pandang dia soal abaya jadi streetwear tu next level yg sesungguhnya
like srsly, being independent while staying kind is a powerful balance
Definisi walking the talk sih Saeedah ini, berani rilis koleksi eksklusif buat support para hijabi di Prancis
kok aku malah jadi lebih tertarik sama cara dia berpikir daripada fashionnya sendiri🥹
I am wardah consumer, tapi belum ada pasta gigi wardah ya? Atau sudah ada? Kalau belum bikin yaaa, thanks
powerful reminder that women don't have to fit into one definition to be successful.
her energy is so calm but somehow everything she says sticks with you🤍